This is the shop where I bought my bike.
The driver drinks liquor, I think someone else ought to drive.
I would go with you, only I have no money.
She studies grammar.
You will take money.
Was she writing a letter ?
The peon opened the gate.
The police studied the stills from the security video.
They have two houses here, and they have also bought a flat.
She was singing.
I read the newspaper.
Beth allowed John to start shipping goods.
I do not like fish.
Do not come in front of me.
How many times can you face a lot of problems?
Shoes are always white.
The prince was to be found in the hottest of the battle.
She did not know anything about the secret quality of that tooth.
When should I keep it moving ?
He is not qualified for the post.
We won't be made fools for a third time.
On enquiring about it, he was told that Rano the potter was taking this procession to get his daughter married to Annirai.
Mother has bought you a very nice gift.
Amit is a minor.
But the bigger boys are always playing nasty jokes on us smaller ones.
He must go straight to bed.
Do you want to go wherever I go ?
You are a talkative.
You should speak in Sindhi.
I wish she should not play her wireless so loudly.
Don't go outside!
I came.
My son does not work yet.
Perhaps I go to Delhi day after tomorrow.
An alarm clock is a clock which wakes you up in the morning.
I am sure she has left already.
He is diligent, therefore he will succeed.
I don't believe anyone has come.
That's why people burn the effigy of Ravana.
The longer we wait here, the darker it will become.
Her husband likes his wife very much.
I am a doctor.
A tourist may bring in dutiable goods, such as tobacco and liquor, free of duty within the prescribed quantity.
Saint Kanwar Ram is also called as Bhagat.
There's nothing to worry about.
I got one rupee.
Where had they gone ?
Every cricket team has a captain.
He deserves my thanks.
He is too much exhausted to speak.
There were many people in the library.
Who did you expect in your office ?
They had been using their calculators.
I have no interest with the agents of the firm.
Do not go outside.
You went Sindhunagar.
It is a mystery.
Will you do me a favour ?
You can have anything of your liking.
He gave a notebook.
From how many days she is knitting a sweater for him?
He never speaks of himself except when compelled.
We had not divided the numbers.
His house is in the left side of the hospice.
Ravi turned up late, and missed the party.
Deepak is teaching to children.
His house is near the temple.
The dog barked because it was lonely
What was said here is just a mystification.
I have a fever.
They used to earn their living through hard labour by catching fish from the lake.
We must listen to his words.
In his misfortune God gave him strength to bear up.
I do it because I choose to.
How did they behave?
He did not like the work and he began it unwillingly.
We didn't leave early enough.
What do you need?
Cain struck Abel because he was jealous of him.
The River Thames is in London.
She has to go to Bombay.
Volume One having been finished, we began to study Volume Two.
Which boy she meets first, every girl marries him.
The dogs are barking.
He finished his exercise and put away his books.
God called the light day.
He went to the market.
They might also be getting enough information.
The bird built its nest.
She spoke quitely to still the frightened child.
I have seen the bird that you describe.
Do you approve of the plan?
The cat jumped off the chair.
The road went from Boston to Albany.
Her life is one long round of parties and fun.
How many times will you go to her house?
The peacock was dancing.
How can it be said that oil originated in the sea?
Suddenly we were enveloped in dense fog.
You promised you would make fun of my father.
Clive was determined to reform the administration.
I were you, I would not resign.
Sometimes they would also play tennis.
The book contains pictures.
He did not pay cash.
Are you coming home with me? he asked.
I found the book which I had lost.
He worked hard so that he might win the prize.
We'll take the dog with us, OK?
The police arrested a man who Jill worked with.
Which language are you learning ?
Where is the nearest postoffice here ?
I have stayed in hotel.
Forgive me.
His answer was such as I expected him to give.
He enjoys good health.
Hari ran fastest of all.
It contained the truth.
Her friends used to envy her.
Which languages do you know ?
He is such a man as I honour.
The horse kicked the boy.
He's the man whose car was stolen last week.
If you are careful, you will be healthy.
There is nothing new under the sun.
As you eat too much you will be ill.
What do you have to do in this ?
Boy was reading.
She is believed a good politician.
His friends disagreed with him on that point.
He lives in Delhi.
He is not about to go.
He does not read.
If I had that book, I would give it to you right away.
We came with them.
How many students give respect their teacher?
Ram had one daughter.
Deepa writes a letter to mother everyday.
I insisted on having my say.
I will lend Peter the money because he needs it.
In How many subjects do you have an interest?
He would be watching TV now if I had not pulled out the plug.
What kind of a person was Evans?
What do you do after school?
Flour is used for making bread.
The acting of the actors was good.
The dog, which is eating the bone, is happy.
I much prefer basketball.
Even if I had enough money, I would not buy this car.
Try again.
Was today’s game hockey ?
Is that story true or false ?
He should have been doing this easily.
Sakhar barrage work began in 1926 and was completed in January 1932.
How much do eggs cost? 
A very efficient lady doctor is busy.
She sang a song.
Actually we have good cricket players only.
That's going to take hundreds of years.
I thought of it carefully.
Snow is falling in Cordoba.
He strained every nerve to get his friend elected.
He will come with him.
I see a dark cloud.
While he was sitting on the gate, a scorpion stung him.
The children are playing outside at the moment.
Any boy of Kanpur will be punished.
He has never seen a tiger.
He drank milk.
What I need is a good night’s sleep.
How cruel of him !
Was it a broken bone, a torn ligament, or what
You opened doors.
We have less to worry about now.
He is my father.
John came to help in place of Max, who was sick.
Why he left is a mystery.
When did you return from Ajmer ?
His intention was to frighten the old man.
Three accidents occurred after lunch.
Seeing this, his servants also took away all his money and went to their country.
Had his mother been cooking dinner?
He had set the Roman crown upon his own head.
They used to meet in the buffalo shed to share some precious moments of intimacy.
Had she been tidying her room?
The girls, the boys, and their parents all danced, sang, and played.
He is short-tempered.
Where is it hid ? said the sons.
Which are the main big cities in India ?
Let us move on.
My sister is ill.
She had been watching the match.
The water is fine, once you are in.
Whatever you do, I will support.
Yes, I saw it last night.
I saw a Tajmahal in Agra.
The offer holds good for two days.
Will he be playing in the field?
He will go at 4 a.m.
What are you doing ?
The king had never before led his troops in battle.
Always work like this.
Walking on the grass is forbidden.
Are you acknowledging me?
And Mohan had dislikes with those games in which money was at stake.
Your network-LAN or Wan has run into trouble.
You take your notebook.
He said, 'Be quiet and listen to my words.'
When do you usually start work?
But looking to reality he sadly went into jungle.
Do the same as I do.
It is of no use.
We expect it.
Please come after some time.
I am young.
David said that he was tired.
How did the invisible man persuade Marvel to help him?
Is this the boy who plays the piano?
By doing your best, you will never regret.
I cannot run any faster.
I'll return your money.
I am doing my homework.
John abandoned the investigation in order to save money.
A region of natural contrasts, Northern New South Wales supports many beautiful parks.
What was all that about.
How many holidays are there in this week ?
Will you sit here?
Does he have a pet ?
If I were you I have gone to Mumbai.
Sir Gawain rode unto the nearby castle.
How long can she live like this?
Is Sindhi language being taught in this university ?
Did Sita sing a song ?
I will eat ice cream, so I can feel happy.
Did you get on the bus ?
I have forgotten how to play this game.
He came in very quietly to avoid waking his father.
What was the terrible deed done by the mariner?
Was Mary shutting the door?
She is stupid enough to believe us.
The horse was frightened by the noise.
We must look for another home.
I wonder you never told me.
Where is the supermarket?
They kept up a long conversation.
How is Hyderabad city ?
This is  Bajirao Patil.
If you come with me that would be better.
Now how could the Brahmin disobey the king's orders ?
Has he achieved too much?
No sooner did he see us than he disappeared.
A single dose will normally protect against inhalation .
How will the frog change the nightingale’s singing?
Were you ever in a storm that was full of lightning, or don't you recall?
The clock has struck five.
He wanted to kill them both.
All other queens continued to fume and rage with jealousy.
She sings delightfully.
I trusted him and he played me false.
She is tasting the soup to see if it needs more salt.
Jim is here.
His head ached.
Boys !
I bid you goodbye.
Did you do this on your own ?
When does he work in the field ?
I lost my way.
Her parents died while she was still at school.
The race will start at three o'clock.
You look sad.
This is my uncle, the engineer's office.
The car which was stolen was a BMW.
The DJ told me to invite along all my friends to the show!
Mahatma Gandhi was killed by an assassin.
Roughly speaking, the distance from here to the nearest railway station is two miles.
He gave away some books which belonged to his brother.
Six Rs. per dozen.
They used to live on their boats most of the time.
We went up to Mumbai last month.
With every blow the body quivered.
Akbar has established Fatehpur Sikri.
You came with them.
Will you finish the work?
Wish you all the best.
You are not the first man that has been deceived by appearances.
The world always will be the same so long as men are men.
Larry is not telling the truth, neither is Jim telling the truth.
What are they going ?
He dwelt in a wooden hut.
I have no time that I can waste on idle talk.
You had not been repairing the car.
Was Sunita at home yesterday ?
In disgust he threw up his appointment.
This continued for thirty years.
From where did she send the letter?
Mr Holmes listens to the news every night, and then he goes to bed.
Please iron this shirt.
It was true.
Her husband died.
The book on the table.
What has happened to him?
How many slippers have we?
He told us the time of his arrival.
Many girls love Rahul.
William Caxton was a native of Kent.
What do you think you are doing?
He concluded his speech with an advise to pay taxes.
We have not sailed a lot.
I shall remain where I am.
There is a lamp beside the bed.
How many doctors are not well?
It is too hot.
The time when the boat leaves is not yet fixed.
They got up at 5 O' clock.
This is extremely sad news.
Call no man happy, was the reply of the philosopher, "until he has ended his life in a fitting manner."
Climate of Kanpur is hot and that of lucknow is good.
Ram used to eat an apple.
The hotel we stayed in was very expensive.
This is the widest road in the city.
I think that John will arrive first.
Yes, I have a brother also.
Was there any important work ?
The wood dries.
I showed them how they should do it.
There are total 66 gates in Loyds barrage.
He finally met Paul McCartney, whom he had always admired.
I put my hand into my pocket and gave him ten paise.
He confessed his crime.
I'll ring you again before I leave.
He turned a deaf ear to my advice.
Ram is working.
The house that I rent is very small.
Servants of Moomal and Soomal would take away all the precious belonging of that person and disappear.
Can you think about me forever?
Which book sold most?
That is the truth.
Now I am going.
We were not eating fish.
There are many Sindhis in the film industry.
How long does this movie last?
An iron rod was put into fire.
I am not for this idea.
Who did eat cooked meat ?
I have no prejudice against foreigners.
If you do not hurry you will miss the train.
Some public men are very sensitive to criticism.
Will nobody help me?
Each boy who is standing is my student.
Struggle, struggle has been my motto for the last ten years.
We were very kindly received.
What a piece of work is man !
Did Ram do a lot of work today ?
He ordered the police that they should imprison the rioters.
It isn't ready yet.
Hey you keep quiet now.
We shall work.
All are boys
The train left an hour ago!
What does he feel?
I have only one rupee.
You asked him.
One year later, a peace treaty was signed and Ecuador's boundaries were permanently established.
Apples are dearer than oranges.
He was never to see her again.
Give me neither poverty nor riches.
Buena Vista, which is in Colorado, is a small town.
What were you used to do for a whole day there ?
John has promised to talk about himself.
I am to see him tomorrow.
I hope to reach the station within an hour at the outside.
He wrote and said, "I am unable to come just now because I am ill, but I will certainly start as soon as I am well enough to do so."
Does she know mystery?
He is an absconded man.
He was named Izzat Beg.
I could have reserved a seat.
Ram attended the meeting.
Do not go in dark.
He may possibly recover.
The king said that the minister went to his house.
How many publishers are in your office?
Lee was standing right behind her.
In the year 1212 AD, Bhungar Soomro used to rule in Sindh at the city called Roopah.
Don't disturb me.
The Sindhi traders donate a particular part of their income.
I took him because you recommended him.
I expected better of him.
She is the girl who sat next to me in the bus.
I want hot chocolate.
We troubled you.
And she started to curse herself for being attracted to that glittering ornament.
He worked only two sums.
I can't help you if you can't tell me what's wrong.
Ravi ate his meal and watched a movie.
They are going to their house.
How many creams are in your shop?
He looks as stupid as an owl.
Some union members wish that the strike had never occurred.
A belief which is generally held is not necessarily one which is true.
I hope to talk him over to our view.
I left him behind.
He needs newspaper for reading.
How old do you think Amanda is?
It is easy to learn Hindi.
I really like his writings.
The matter has been cleared up.
Rina read Sarita’s letter.
Do John and Marry study at night ?
The child came leaping towards me.
They haven't played well.
He is a good football player.
I think I have found a way!
Are you over eating ?
A hospice team is a group of people who understand the special goals of hospice care  .
Was he speaking ?
He is the best boy in this class.
She understood the entire thing.
She sent out the proclamation.
This is the bottle which is used for water.
He has pleased with his students.
I am saying this with much sorrow, not in anger.
A herbivore is an animal.
What happens when the lady calls out the names of the dogs?
The strikers held a meeting.
Morning is a good time to take classes.   
He does work.
It has been a pleasure meeting you.
You arrived late.
Raju got up from chair.
He was a gentleman.
I was returning home.
All such people ought to be avoided.
When are you supposed to go to Sindhunagar ?
A plastic chair and bed and there is a possibility of sharing a bathroom.
He is either good or bad in maths.
He went to Leela.
I noticed that he smelt brandy.
Let us rejoice as we go forward.
You were supposed to come yesterday.
It is a jet and it is very fast.
Whom do you support ?
He bought a ticket.
I want some rebate on this purchase.
I learnt Hindi in Nagpur.
No one dared to accept the challenge.
These are good for daily use.
She is the girl who studies grammar.
Please keep quiet.
I had notebooks.
The town itself is not very large.
At which position do you work ?
And as unwanted child she too was put in a basket and set afloat on the river.
No one can be expected to submit for ever to injustice.
Will you be able to spare time for me ?
Gopal hasn't passed the exam.
Mohan does not keep lot of money at home.
I received no answer.
They were supposed to return yesterday.
You like him, don't you ?
Do you know if Mr. Brown lives here?
Did Tom help his mother yesterday ?
The teacher is not checking our homework.
He can turn his hand to anything.
Rama is the boy who did it.
How many dancers will show me their dance?
He left for Mumbai last week.    
Will he sign the contracts?
John likes Mary and Sue.
The mouse was killed by the cat.
We are not working.
She nearly died of it.
She was not coming.
I came at 3 O' clock.
I found it among the trees.
The village was destroyed by fire.
I expected that I should get a first class.
Are there any stamps in the drawer.
What did the frog wish the nightingale to do?
He met another boat.
Sometimes in the past, he was careless.
There is a meeting in the Mahila Mandal tomorrow.
She quite often reads the newspaper.
Is this place near to the city ?
The boy was praised by the teacher.
Does he live on the roof?
Please never go there.
The villagers heard him but they took no notice.
Men of dissolute lives cry down religion, because they would not be under the restraints of it.
Which is your friend?
Sydney is the largest Australian city.
Satish bore away many prizes at the school sports.
Rano Mendro felt betrayed.
An antibiotic will be needed to treat the infection  .
In disgust he threw up his appointment.
At last Deepchand was put on a stand in the court.
What did you have in the party ?
Arthur may run away from home and go to South America.
Will he finish the work soon?
You sent the letter.
They talked to Jim yesterday.
Does your sister sew ?
They had not been digging a hole.
Three men bought a book.
Did you not stop believing in blind belief ?
Why then does he worry.
Does she attack you?
What had the speaker done?
They say that women have become more independent.
Sally was not hurrying to school.
Had you not been working?
He came after night had fallen.
She arrived on time.
No, I do not have fever.
Birds fly in the air.
Thanks to Mary, we have tickets to the game.
I felt tired but happy after the journey.
Mary heard the frightening noise again, and the sound was one that would frighten the bravest of people.
I shall meet you.
He looks dishonest.
I will die before I submit.
The children look healthy
Mohan slept.
His father gave a new cycle.
She is the next person to speak
If you'd caught that plane you'd be dead now.
How does your brother read?
In which subject does Vinod have to write an article ?
Prepare this food however you like.
She was very disappointed.
You had to go to Ajmer.
You are young.
It is ten o' clock.
He is my friend.
Have you ever tried climbing a coconut palm ?
What did Anjana have to buy from an exhibition ?
The piper played.
He has three sons.
He came outside.
There were too many people on the dock, weren't there?
You will then fire.
You are altogether mistaken.
Do not go when I come.
How often do you go to Spain?
What was that work which kept you so busy that you couldn't spare time for friends ?
John arrived in a bad mood.
The girl has not been weeping bitterly.
Don't speak.
Ramayan in Sanskrit is written by Valmiki.
He will come today.
How many friends have not received your letter?
If we had gotten to the airport on time, we would have caught our flight.
I asked the question.
He was more rapacious than a griffin.
Did you call him up yesterday ?
Does he breathe?
This done, she returned to the old man with a lovely smile on her face.
He came before me.
Let men sow anything.
Can you use knife to cut the fruits?
Father bought Mini a doll.
You must have reached on time.
Do not speak so loud.
I have school tomorrow.
You can speak Hindi.
You have all done very badly !' remarked the teacher.
This poor-fellow was crying under the pressure of loans and they were enjoying.
Will Hari buy a good book?
Tom, as well as, James passed the test.
Dog is tied in front of the gate.
Who do men declare me to be ?
The boys are anxious to learn.
The book was given to the best student in the class.
I'll answer in Hindi.
What is his role in the team?
Get sugar from the nearest grocer.
Can you eat some food?
His family has not come yet.
Sheela, what is the pecularity of our country ?
This will be the book you want, I suppose.
Bid him go there.
He was educated at St. Joseph's.
Can we study together?
She did not seem hopeful that he would arrive.
It's very hot today, isn't it ?
Are you ready to go?
I was late, therefore, I couldn’t find a parking space.
That is the very thing we want.
After I find the keys to my car, I’m going to go shopping.
The lion was wounded but not killed.
It was an amazing film.
He asked a very good question.
They had gone to watch a movie.
Their garden, which is near here, looks beautiful.
How often does she read the newspaper?
I can swim across the river.
If I had attended the classes, I would have impressed my teachers.
She has a book.
When students from other countries come to the United States, they often suffer from Culture shock.
You could read Sindhi book.
Where did this civilization get developed ?
I can move only when I get free from office and home.
Mother is at home.
I brought three dozen oranges.
But it was not easy to get hand of Moomal.
All are sleeping in the hostel at this time, from where are you coming?
He saved the child at the risk of his life.
How many sweets you will like to eat?
We have not been chatting in a forum.
All work and no play makes Jack a dull boy.
I don't have any with me.
Do the children sleep on the floor?
I think you are wrong.
I must know all the facts.
As I drew near I saw a very curious sight.
She would write to him if she knew his address.
Can we strike day after tomorrow for pollution?
Quite well!
Gopal is coming.
The boy saw the wolf and ran away.
Man's happiness or misery is in a great measure in his own hands.
Please tell the history of this temple.
The pilots were on strike, so we had to travel by train.
I can smell dinner cooking.
I saw a soldier.
Most boys like cricket.
To see sarees on every Sunday !
She was sitting close beside him.
He is a well-off person.
They are not coming.
He still attends school.
We saw the picture.
Come nearer to me.
Everything comes, if a man will only work and wait.
Indo-U.S relations are on a all-time high.
Ram goes to school every day.
We play so that we may live.
It means you enjoyed the programme.
When did you return from Mumbai ?
You are asking question.
This gave him great joy.
None of his poems are well known.
Sorry, You have to pack it yourself.
If he comes, what shall I do?
Oil is good for burns.
Did you buy a flower ?
He lives very carefully.
Which texts are composed on the bank of Sindhu river ?
I had written a letter.
Let me die the death of the righteous.
Who needs help ?
One night Ibin Soomro in the guise of a fort watchman was in that vicinity.
The poor little thing, It's lost its mother.
Rama may go to the theatre.
It is shocking !
Oh, please say 'yes'!
How much school bags have they?
The storm was strong.
Otherwise he is fit for the post.
Which subject have you chosen ?
Failing prompt payment the goods must be returned by you.
Rochiram advised the same to Meghraj that be silent and do his business.
He is both a soldier and a poet.
Wasted time never returns.
Even though Bob is ugly, he is popular.
I went to your house.
You are asking a question.
I didn't tell him anything except that I needed the money.
I have a box, filled with almonds.
Ram put the mango on the table and Anu saw it.
Is your father feeling any better.
Those boys were kept it.
Cheer up, mother, I'll go and get work somewhere.
Still waters run deep.
The smell which comes from this drain, is very bad.
Make haste.
Please sit here.
Bill smeared the wall with paint.
I am sorry to put you to so much trouble.
Bruno took the desktop computer that he uses at work, and Pauline sits on the beach with her laptop computer, which she connects to the internet with a cellular phone.
Buy some bread and milk on your way home.
His words are in everyone's mouth.
I need a towel.
Deceived by his friends, he lost all hope.
I wrote letters because I was annoyed.
Where were you yesterday?
Rickshaw man will come early in the morning.
There is a clock on the table.
Mohan came home late.
He was usually late, which always annoyed his father.
The food was very hot.
We love Bahadur.
She followed Suhini.
We are called.
I came to class at 11 O' clock.
Rama is the boy whose pencil I have.
He removed them.
Punhoon thought it is possible this grave may be of some saint.
What's got into you nowadays?
I found it amid the trees.
Read carefully before starting to give answer.
Can you see the dog which is barking?
Galileo maintained that the earth moves round the sun.
Were they working?
Where is Abdul ?
How can we strengthen children’s personality?
Don't you know what the school timings are ?
The postman called again.
What does John like ?
She requested my help.
There was free boarding and lodging facility for them.
He is sure.
They can't write the words.
It was no easy matter.
Who won the Cup Final in 1997?
Don't go far.
It rained yesterday.
The rope gave way while the workmen were hauling up the iron pillar.
How many hours does it take to reach to Hyderabad ?
It seems that everyone believes John.
They were carried.
We are going to market.
I think that Sam won the race.
While I was at work, the dog chewed my favorite pair of shoes.
Nowadays children are going to school for entertainment.
Kamla will go to home in the evening.
The lady who brought us the file is John's aunt.
I expect to go first.
Plague swept of millions.
Would you mind if I opened the window?
How many times will we go to her house?
Teacher went to his house after teaching the students.
He is known to the tribesmen as the 'Sleepless One'.
How many animals live there?
How many coins I have in this box?
The bottle broke.
He lived in New York.
Reply by no later than 21 July.
I know him to be trustworthy.
It took him two months to recover from his illness.
Apart from this, they are also being sent on an environment tour for two weeks.
There appears to be no danger right now.
She won't come.
We had not been climbing a mountain.
The police were unable to hold the mob in check.
Are they thanking their mum?
Go down the road till you reach the traffic lights.
Yes, I know.
He often used to take notes from Koel.
You should submit the notebooks.
Don’t be long
She heard the news.
He came with her.
As was customary the astrologers were called to read her future.
The marks that were left by the whip were still visible.
There are some diseases that proceed from dirt.
Will you play with us today?
In all probability the day will be fine.
The archers were poorly armed, but they offered a stubborn resistance.
He is to be blamed equally with his brother.
The claim that Raju is telling a lie is wrong.
How is the situation at your place ?
Please examine it properly.
Parents have to go to their children's school every month.
Why should I be suspected by you ?
Why does not she take advice to a good doctor ?
It is hard to understand.
He is ignorant of what he pretends to know.
This gutter smells foul.
He has some relief.
They decided to give him another stab at it, so to speak.
He is happy to protect the country.
Alcohol, hot weather, exercise, and fever can increase these effects  .
What subjects did you study at school?
Good books should be read again and again.
He gave me a message which is this.
He did not, however, gain his object.
It covers them up with leaves and grass.
He asked them whether they would listen to such a man.
Will you attend the meeting?
The woman who is sitting next to me wants to ask a question.
Will you bring anyone along when you return from town ?
If he fails to do so he would proceed to Delhi.
I was surprised at Hari being absent.
Mary believes that the world is round.
Sunita must have told the story to Gunjan.
We may not travel first class with second class tickets.
We must eat, or we cannot live.
What a beautiful song !
This is my friend Rama.
Who is your favourite actress ?
He has been stung by a scorpion.
Are you participating in that play ?
How did you break your leg?
Ram was thinking of returning home.
He cannot tell a lie.
You told the matter.
Kolkata is a big city.
God will not forget the cry of the humble.
The girl wrote a letter to her cousin.
His head had not been aching.
You come definitely tomorrow.
Was he studying? 
It was he who put a spoke in my wheel.
You should go to home from school.
How far is the station ?
For many, a visit here is  the start of an enduring romance.
Is Anna going to open the window?
All the tunics sold, just the shirts remained.
Will the train leave ?
I came with her.
No, this is more than that.
After a long futile wait Moomal put on a disguise of a rich merchant and came to Umarkot.
I phoned to a hotel.
Who do you give a birthday present to?
Wisdom is too high for a fool.
You are old enough to know better.
The milkman mixes water with milk.
I was a teacher in the city.
Was everybody pleased ?
Is she brushing her teeth?
John showed Mary pictures of themselves.
That hurts!
He bought so many things from the market.
King also kept his word.
He could not control his temper.
He said, 'I shall go as soon as it is possible.'
I am going to send the postcards.
As soon as Ram sat down, mother gave him food.
What is there to prevent him from leaving Chennai ?
In his speech on prohibition, he set forth his views at length.
Will you go ?
That has not prevented him from repeating it.
I was not sure that it was you.
That was his complaint.
He is waiting for you in the compound.
Urmila went home.
Who did you take to the airpot? 
I will come.
We left early enough to catch the evening news.
How many jewelers have shop?
I shall come.
I teach political science.
This institution is a very good example of social service.
She looks beautiful at the age of 16.
Could I have reserved a seat?
He told the main singer.
Either she will go, or she will stay.
The dog was growling.
As if the whole country is gathered here.
We shall soon be across the channel.
He proceeded to fight with brave Mamat.
They bound him to the interests of that school.
A hungry fox saw some brunches of grapes.
We hoped that you would succeed.
Go home immediately.
Whose book is this ?
Which is the best book ?
How many kids do you have?
Does she serve others?
The Sikh soldiers were true to their salt.
Which pleases you will please me.
John bought the book for $500.
After that all went and sat in the big hall.
Where is his country ?
He ran at top speed.
We landed at Karanchi, and there we spent a very enjoyable week.
I had been playing for two hours when Ravi came.
She is good at conducting surgery.
Boys are playing.
Does she know if he has a girlfriend?
Where else did you go ?
I could also listen to your Sindhi.
My father is a nice guy.
After the meeting, he introduced himself to me.
I want reasonable room.
An overdose of Yasmin may cause nausea, vomiting, or vaginal bleeding  .
God is the master of all.
Radha came at 5.00 pm.
I enjoyed very much in kandla.
What had been broken by her?
Buy only that copy which you want.
The books are old.
He upped sticks and went back to France.
The moon has hidden her face behind a cloud.
He will celeberate his B'day around 6 p.m.
I shall go now
The kettle has been boiling for a quarter of an hour.
He finished first but he began late.
Will you be promoted?
This must not occur again, or you will be dismissed.
The prince slew his brother and became king in his place.
Kabir panthis are by temperament peaceful.
Walk across the street.
I will not forget that you are repentant.
What does she collect?
Why does she get so angry?
I am pissed off cough from yesterday night.
We will meet later.
He lives that he may eat.
I can't bear more pain now.
They do not work hard
It is a minor injury.
I'll have anything.
Where did she send the letter from?
He had turned around.
My old typewriter is neither fast nor reliable.
I am right, aren't I ?
It does not rain much in June or summer.
I went to see what had happened.
At present more than one and half lakh Sindhis live there.
Didn't you watch the movie ?
No man can lose as he never had.
It is possible that I may have to go to Udaipur again.
You meet me after three days.
A little grain they had was damaged by sea water.
In the club, which is very popular, they often have a disco.
Were we cleaning our rooms?
My brother must be listening to the radio.
Jaam Tamachi also used to return her love and affection.
An old mouse asked who would bell the cat.
Will you be punished?
It was sharp 10 O' clock in the night.
Govind's mango is the sweetest of all.
Your this argument is correct.
You nearly killed me.
It is a very hot day.
What is Australia's national food?
He was buying tickets.
Sit down where you please.
Very heavy rain fell so that the rivers were soon in flood.
According to me this is not going to work out.
I go there every day.
It was a terrier.
How quickly the holiday has passed !
How far is Indore from Khandwa ?
Our house is the one next to school.
Radha bought clothes for kids this month.
Go away.
John eats every day chocolate.
Have you heard the name of Charminar ?
I tried my best.
As he was ambitious, I killed him.
He warded off Ravi's blow deftly.
Ram couldn't smile.
In my old home we had many fruit trees.
Will you loss your book?
He is the only child of his parents.
If I find the pen I shall give it to you.
Even though he worked hard, he failed the final exam.
I advise you to be more prudent in future.
It may be true this time.
Harry ate ice cream, and Joe drank coke.
When is he coming ?
She fed her a mango.
Also, the medicine may stain clothing  .
I want to sleep.
I have all necessary certificates.
One should keep the house clean
He finished first though he began late.
The whisper was soft, but he heard it.
They were not repeating the question.
Mother will come.
Mohan, who is a teacher, reads a lot of books.
I brought a pencil.
Mary did not dance in a musical.
What does Komal do in hollday ?
Mary had a little lamb.
I came to know when the train will arrive.
Has he been washing the car?
Ram has two ears.
Atleast three languages need to be learnt.
Can you reply me?
Will you pass the book please?
He is a merchant.
The boy gave a notebook.
A load of great weight.
That is what I want.
If I were well-versed in the subject, I would help you with your assignment.
It is a very difficult task.
Is he calculating your expenses?
Both men and women should limit the amount of fat in their diets. or they risk getting heart disease.
Did he show you the picture ?
What did you prepare for the lunch ?
I think that Miss Marple will leave.
You spent 100 Rs.
Bhishma said, 'Boys, remember you play a game.’
One day, when the washerman had gone to another village for some work, he bought a tiger-skin.
Does anyone here speak Japanese ?
I read all night.
You have sung a song.
Will you be taking part in this competition?
His wife and children were all sick with the flu.
Although he is not rich, he is honest.
I am not going home.
Will you buy all these mangoes?
Sita hit Mohan.
Raleigh, taking off his cloak politely, placed it in the muddy street.
I know what he wants.
How long does it take to go there by bus ?
A large stupa is found at the rear of the prayer hall.
He said to his disciples, Watch and pray.
I'll have the same thing.
Mirza Ali tried his best to restrain him but to no avail.
He said that he would come to-morrow.
You please drink some tea!
Is this less than that ?
He has been ill since last week.
My daughter wants two sarees.
What was Gopal doing ?
Open all the windows.
Whose book are you reading ?
Will the owner sell the farm?
He ran away the moment I arrived.
I don't know where you went.
Cooking classes are good.
Do you speak Sindhi ?
They were working.
I received his message at eight o' clock in the morning.
He has grown proud.
You have made a mistake.
Did you ask a question?
Does she have two pens?
He ordered that the traitor should be executed.
Let it onto the table.
I am so glad.
There were meetings of scholars on Sindhi literature and culture in the morning after the breakfast on both the days.
The more they get, the more they want.
I have heard this before.
They promised Miss Marple to go.
He was sitting next her.
After she left work, the woman stopped at the store before she went home.
The war was so intense.
We have not men enough.
He will give you money even if you do not give him this pen.
They enjoy bathing.
A girl eats an apple.
If I get chance, I'll teach Sindhi.
He loves her by heart.
What will tomorrow bring?
Does he attend all classes?
John hurt himself.
Adam and his wife hid themselves from the presence of the Lord God.
Man wants but little here below.
No such luck!
It became stronger, didn't it?' -- 'Yes it did.'
He is Oriya.
This man is poor.
Will they not have told fine stories?
The train crashed into the gates at the crossing.
A Daniel come to judgement !
Was he wearing a blue shirt?
I have caught a very big fish.
Hari is absent, because he is ill.
She began singing.
He will attend the marriage and also visit the city.
Which is the symbol of Scotland?
How many papers do you think you can correct in one hour ?
You waited.
Who will present his paper first ?
How many clothes of yours are there ?
Mumbai is the largest cotton textile centre in country.
You never know!
Satish bore away many prizes at the school sports.
You can go by bus or train.
On October 20, 1982, their 26th birthday, the twins sold their first horse for $850.
My sister, who works in IT, is coming to visit me tomorrow.
The future is unknown to us.
A passenger alighted from the train.
Your working hard is a condition.
They saw a snake near them.
Harry and Joe ate ice cream and drank coke.
Your father is a doctor.
Who did Rima give the book to?
What is the purpose of making a four faced lamp ?
My father, who is a schoolmaster, is fifty years old.
Are you challenging me?
Roshan has watched an exhibition.
I didn't like everything Sue ordered.
Birds of the same feather flock together.
He requested her to help him.
This is a brightly-lit room.
When he will arrive is not yet known.
He said, Bravo!
Because of the rain, the museum cancelled the picnic.
I did not pay him as I had no money with me.
There are no pictures in this book.
How can library be reached ?
The piano was knocked down to the highest bidder.
Nature is the best physician.
Does Mohan run fast ?
What a fool I was !
Can you plant some trees?
It is doubtful whether he will be able to come.
Fiona is not going to visit her grandma.
Is it the tenth or twelfth letter of this month ?
Who has sent the money order ?
He teaches Marathi.
They have gone to a land whither few travellers go.
I look scruffy beside you.
I don’t like big dogs.
We will not give her an apple.
The echoes of the storm which was then raised I still hear grumbling round me.
What is the capital of the Republic of Ireland?
You are talking to me.
Then I thought why shouldn't I set up a factory ?
I will take an umbrella with me.
He cannot take his morning constitutional exercises.
When he entered the room he saw the vase broken.
What did Rakesh say to Raju?
Neither my friend nor I am to blame.
When I reached the station the train had started.
What are the two disadvantages of travelling by air?
The government has set strict limits on public spending this year.
John drinks whisky every night.
Somebody prapered my room for me.
The iron has melted.
Wait for me at the bus stop.
He has set his heart on success.
Which three are furniture?
Where is the Centre ?
He had a cow that gave enormous quantities of milk.
Who is such that the books she wrote are on the table ?
I have cold.
He swam in river.
Her friend had come in the school.
Be diligent and you will succeed.
We lived for ten years in Ulhasnagar.
There are many frogs.
You are not playing cards.
This civilization got developed on the bank of Sindhu river.
Will you have finished this work by the end of next month?
Grain is very expensive this year.
Did you buy this one?
They are going to share a room.
Lacy can do something about the problem, but I don’t know what she can do.
They had not been swimming in the lake.
Is this mango ripe or unripe ?
It wasn't my day.
A man did this.
But the sea-god cried, 'Do not be afraid, noble prince.'
I had to go.
In spite of his being a mere boy, he offered to fight the giant.
Michael frequently visits his family.
Once that it was clear that Bill had left, we gave up.
I have taken education till college.
I know you very well.
The hotel which we stayed in was very expensive.
Tanmay doesn't have to teach any new courses this year.
He answered rudely.
It was Russell who met Keynes in Cambridge.
The first two chapters of the novel are rather dull.
Do you stay with your parents ?
He who is merciful shall meet mercy.
Give me to drink, else I shall die of thirst.
Ravi drinks milk every day,
She is either hardworking or intelligent.
And they assumed the garb of poor servants and approached Leela.
Is there anything else?
She acted as if she knew nothing.
Whose children are they?
The man that I saw was tall.
Ram was in the market.
They all tell the same story.
Any way we shall go and visit Sindhunagar ?
Kiran took out the car and went straight to her sister’s office.
I hope he will come round to our views.
It is never late to mend.
Krishna is less clever.
He thought to go home.
If the bath is taken in the rain, then why would not the fever happen.
The bus is crowded.
I had nothing on except for my socks.
I am being good.
I knew that I had booked a flight for tomorrow.
Can you refuse my proposal?
Have you heard the story of Mamoi sages ?
He will waste his time.
The sad part is that some of our people get carried away in fights of different political parties.
Which boy thinks that Ravi knows where Mary bought which book ?
December is when we usually have snow.
You will neither leave today, nor tomorrow, you will stay here till next week.
You cause the tree to fall.
Don't hide it from me.
Sugar is bad for your teeth.
I cried out sadly.
Christine decorates her home.
I had great difficulty in making out its contents.
He is not that particular.
Is your husband a firefighter?
Keep the ball moving.
I wanted to use him as an agent.
Let the boys prepared to work come forward.
Tell the names of dialects of Sindhi language.
Will Mary come ?
Has he missed his bus?
I am unmarried.
If I had studied,I would have passed the exams.
She was pining for the meeting of Deepchand.
Were they planting trees?
Manchester versus Liverpool should be a good match.
Who is he seeing tomorrow?
You ran fast.
The pillar box is next to my house.
Can I borrow your umbrella ?
The built-up urban mass of the city.
We have been waiting for ages.
Remove this tooth.
He can type well.
He has not quit his job.
Have you ever flown a plane?
He played for India, didn't he?
She wants tea.
He was too careless.
Anu underwent treatment for more than a year.
He lives at a place where I would love to be at.
My room's T.V. is out of order.
Can you speak loudly?
He has beautiful daughter.
Due to loss of blood Mehar reached nearly unconscious to meet Suhini.
But there was an exception of Noori.
I don't want anything else, thanks.
Maigret has abandoned the enquiry.
He goes.
Because the soup was too cold, I warmed it in the microwave.
I recollect my mother giving me three raisins.
They had been throughly well-trained.
How do you do?
Ramesh looked at himself in the mirror.
He that eats till he is sick must fast till he is well.
Do you work here?
Mother says you are to go to market at once.
When king cut his head everyone in Junagarh was horrified and cried out in anguish.
They are the enemies of mankind.
Ravi arrived late.
He told a story.
I admit that he is a man of sense.
There are a few verbal differences in the two manuscripts.
He is a great orator.
You will not be working.
What is the name of Anjana's sister ?
The cackling of geese saved Rome.
He took merchandise and set out to India .
She is your mother.
I hear of his arrival.
Sheila will buy wedding dress.
After this he made no further remarks.
The story won't go down.
Have you seen his house?
The girl ran a needle into her finger.
We had in this village, some twenty years ago, an idiot boy, whom I well remember, who from a child showed a strong propensity for bees.
What fear has the listener expressed?
The window is broken.
How many kids you have ?
They wanted to see you and also wanted to ask you something.
Mother Durga, now you provide succor to everyone!
Do I eat ?
He was very sore about the insulting behaviour meted out by Moomal.
Ram arrived home late yesterday.
Rama asked me what had become of Hari.
Don't give unriped ones, give riped ones.
There are a few boys in our class.
He saw a girl whose eyes were blue.
We have two aunts.
So I couldn't get into the train.
Was Seema at college yesterday ?
How does your madam ask question?
How did the writer feel when he stopped all efforts to save himself in the pool?
What church did you say you attend?
You learn Sindhi.
Along with this, I will translate Sindhi stories.
No, it is a big school
Susheela has left her home for days ago.
She reads books.
Will you not do it?
I believe it's not raining any longer
He was returning from school.
We watched television.
My uncle has been teaching me mathematics.
The mare drank water.
Roshan got good marks in Sindhi.
I had no need to open the letter.
He used to teach Marathi.
It does not get very hot where we live.
Our headmaster also spoke.
Buy clothes.
Can we learn German language ?
What is sweeter than honey?
You, who seek wisdom, should be humble.
Was Sunny waiting for us ?
This is Jill’s wallet.
Unless the coffee is hot, I will not drink it, so please put on a fresh pot.
It isn't for such as them to dictate to us.
This basket contained a very sweet newly born child.
You should care for your respect and glory.
Will I finish this letter?
The girl in the car that needed water is waiting.
Nina is fearful.
Turn right at the park.
In which class are Mohan's kids ?
Did he pay cash?
Where is my tea ?
Sudha did not like her saree.
If you do not take exercise, you will be ill.
Please send for Rama.
I am an assistant professor.
It is a government (hospital), but (it) is small, good and clean.
Does he make himself clear ?
What do you really think?
He looks down upon his poor cousins.
The child got bored sitting in the waiting room of the hospital.
Each of the girls gave her own version of the affair.
That man has been standing there since two o'clock.
The book contains many biblical quotations.
If it rains this afternoon, I will stay home.
It is certain that I am going to die soon.
Can you think of any house on rent ?
Beyond all question she is a great singer.
A student’s duty is to respect his teacher.
A boy came?
Is he a chef?
Sheila writes a letter to Gita.
Students are with us.
There is no admission without permission.
Ram has beaten Ravi.
We flew kites.
You will have to eat your words.
There is a lion in the forest.
I had important news.
This bunglow is larger than that.
I do not want small ones but big ones.
Do you know who bought that house ?
Smoke, the certain indicator of fire, appeared in the mine.
The lesson begins early.
We would have visited the whole country.
We have lived here for ten years.
Jack heard a strange noise, and we were scared when he told us about it.
Some of the cargo had been damaged by the sea water.
John, Bill, and Hary each love Mary, Jane and Sue.
The window of room had opened.
He bought his uncle"s library.
I advised him not to be curious.
Letters written by my sister are difficult to read.
After that day, there was no information about them.
Your letter will come within two or three days,
It's possible for you to do this quiz because you have a computer and modem.
Hey, What a good idea!
At one time classical music was at its peak.
I can't allow you to smoke.
All desire wealth and some acquire it.
The hotel where we stayed was very expensive.
He was quick to see the point.
The time between leaving the school and going to the college is very crucial.
I had to go to buy pulses and vegetables too because everything had got finished.
I wonder when John bought it.
What is the name of Kavita's brother ?
He must put it away.
You are tall.
How is Antony both a coward and a flatterer?
Will you get ownership?
A midwife is a woman.
What will Dr. Sadao and his wife do with the man?
Where did you hide the can opener?
And his disciples came to him, and awaken him.
Rex had to miss work yesterday.
Will someone win the prize if he can solve the puzzle?
What did Lata want to buy for her own nephew and neice ?
My wife is a nurse.
The storm broke the glass.
The servant brought the lamp and I began my homework.
Just now he is simply coining money.
She will sing well.
She looks very beautiful in her wedding dress.
He became angry.
I have asked they have invited no one.
Very good !
John died in Rome.
Even today People consider girls are liability.
It grieved me to hear of your illness.
How much money do you have ?
We travelled by train.
I am at least honest.
Please pack this.
The Rajah was deeply grieved, and said to his wife, 'What can I do for you ?'
I have not seen him lately.
This is the same man that I saw yesterday.
With his name the mothers still their babes.
Kim was dancing, and Sandy was.
He wept as if he had been a child.
John forced Beth to ship goods.
When did you find her?
The horse was lame.
Is that the way a gentleman should behave ?
John killed Mary.
When the opportunity came I paid him back in his own coin.
What would they pay the listener for?
I like ice cream, and Judy likes cookies.
Happy is the man that findeth wisdom.
It is quite right.
You would have spoken in Sindhi.
Come as early as possible.
The statue is in the park.
We enjoyed our camping holiday in spite of the rain.
I want to bring to your kind notice the apathy.
This work is very easy.
The boy I saw in class yesterday is missing today.
This work could be done.
Mohammed the washer man sternly refused about it.
The queen suddenly died.
He realized that nobody liked what he said.
The president could not approve the bill.
Take these seven rupees
Have you brushed your teeth today?
Was it something I said ?
You would have had no trouble at school if you had done your homework.
What are you doing?
I got two pictures.
Why did your brother write such a letter?
He bought a car with 20,000 Rs.
He was going along this road, and met a dragon.
The man who sold my dad the car is shifty.
My grandmother once saw  Queen Victoria.
Well, you are not well ?
How does Amelia get even with her sister?
Sam did it,not fred did it.
Did I go to the supermarket ?
He somehow persuaded him to attend his marriage.
The way was long.
The lecturer said, "Akbar won the respect of all races and classes by his justice."
He passed some deep still water.
I suppose he is honest.
He is foolish.
We will stay here for a week.
I doubt if you can help me.
What is the fault of my daughter?
Will you please purchase a ticket for me as well?
And thus both lovers attained immortality.
Will he not be ready?
He furnished them with means.
He ordered the police that they should imprison the rioters.
He believes I lack money.
He has ruined his sight by reading small print.
It is a big job to organize a conference, who is doing it?
I'd love to see you so come if you can.
Who is the guest of Kishan ?
Is he celebrating Holi this year?
I hope you are now well.
When Moomal got up in the morning she saw Rano's stick.
He came.
All places will be seen.
The boy is being brave.
Karim played more skillfully then Abdul.
Will she be thrilled to fly in the aeroplane?
Is the meeting today, tomorrow, or next Monday?
The door was opened.
This book is for Ramesh.
My teacher often says to me that if I don't work hard I shall fail.
We were playing games.
I was that scared I didn't know what to do.
He was chosen leader.
Hasn’t he been crying for since?
Sheila got her transfer and I left the job.
He does not understand that he stands in his own light.
I couldn't  talk to you because you were far away.
He started laughing so loudly that the crocodile asked him why he was laughing so much.
The boy came to class.
Mr. Sharma, which place do you belong to?
Time is money and money is freedom.
Now stop talking nonsense !
The ship was burned.
He has a cold.
You wrote the lesson.
She sings much better than I do.
Ram made Anil happy.
Which doctor saw which patient, he gave him money.
You are not around nowadays.
The drink that I most like is orange juice.
We thought the movie was too violent.
I am feeling sleepy.
Was Mr. Smith at home ?
Mahabaleshwar is cooler than Panchgani.
10 rupess for fifteen minutes.
Are you also from a village ?
On the condition that he would bring his king Chanesar to her.
He ran to the station, but he missed the train.
They are having tea.
We think of you as one of the family.
I don’t know how this will end.
Was she listening her I-pod ?
Mr. Gidwani has told you to call till 7 O' clock in the evening.
Where mobile phone card can be purchased ?
If you go there, you will be killed.
With respect to radiation, this power plant is very safe.
Children have finished sweet.
They work.
We parted company there.
It is cold, so I shall wear a coat.
He is equally wicked.
John has found many books.
Ram did his homework.
How to make a chair?
Did any of you play football ?
Why did he defraud you of your earnings ?
Does she live in Mumbai ?
I never thought that I should see him again.
Will she write a book?
She nearly died from it.
They were not about to play.
He poses all for a great Sanskritist.
You can't have both.
I don't believe in interfering with anybody else's doings, or anybody interfering with mine.
When was this temple built ?
Do not talk like that.
The stone broke the glass.
Will he not be working?
Kaka did not understand the meaning of that question.
He wrote one letter.
I gave him no cause to break with me.
What did John throw ?
I am learning Sindhi.
I am out of pocket by the transaction.
I work for seven hours daily.
Did he get a present last Christmas ?
The two swans were filled with sorrow for their foolish friend.
Please let me go now.
Does he bear the company of yours?
How are things?
The boy ate the large pepperoni pizza as quickly as possible.
Which is the best way to delhi ?
His companion was crying for help.
How many questions we should ask?
We passed an anxious hour.
That happened by chance.
Anna had opened the window.
How does the narrator see the snake?
The child who had been sleeping all day woke up.
This is a present from my uncle.
In which hotel will you stay ?
My Foot, My Tutor
He is a shrewd man, and it will not be easy to draw him out.
Mohan did not answer anything to her sister's argument.
John built his house.
Remember the duty of helping the poor.
All the leaves dropped off because of the cold.
Flowers often bloom in the spring.
The police got the traffic moving.
Have you ever eaten those pies?
He gave an apple to me.
My uncle is arriving tomorrow.
Will you come today ?
All were puzzled.
Should I telephone you or send an email?
He deserved his punishment and he knew it.
This is not the same as that.
He is still in business.
Does Sita weep ?
Does the hostel available in the university ?
Now, I am missing my son.
If you have tears, prepare to shed them now.
They gave books.
Which food item did you like the most ?
Whatever is the matter?
As Chanesar is elder one he should be declared as the next chief.
How wonderful you look!
The sailor climbed high.
It depends on the weather.
What did boys do yesterday evening ?
You need not do it.
He is descended from a noble family.
Ila relied on Mohan.
I greased my bus.
Hari had just returned.
People who are too sharp cut their own fingers.
Ego becomes a great dividing wall between lovers.
She sings delightfully.
Delhi has 1.7 two-wheelers per person.
The swans and the turtle were very good friends.
What did John give to whom ?
Mary is not going to shut the door.
Who did the goal ?
Let us talk about something else.
The little girl goes to bed with her cuddly teddy.
Like as a father pitieth his own children.
How much educated are you ?
They rejoice that they are going.
Anu, you know that the boy who hit her lives here.
Neither you nor he is to blame.
He was named Beejal.
Marry arrived at noon yesterday.
I cannot hope to see these trees which I am planting come in perfection, said the duke, "but it is right for me to plant for the benefit of my successors."
Several persons were present at the time.
She's far better at science than her brother.
Leela could not resist the temptation of the ornament.
He served out his sentence in goal and was released.
Some are born great.
Gray, the author of the Elegy, lived in the eighteenth century.
He fought with his wife.
It is a story about a boy whose parents got divorced.
How many people are about to come in this party?
The thief was caught.
Both of us there till last year.
My crush was smiling at me.
He was running.
He is no more.
Take anything that you like.
It was really scary.
Does he do your home work?
How many hairs are on our head?
What did you do?
This idea on which he based his philosophy, is very difficult to comprehend.
Can you tell me about him?
The young boy and girl ran quickly.
How could Eco find time to write to so much in his life?
Food gives energy.
He dropped the meat into the deep water.
Your conduct is very peculiar.
I want to know how far it is from here.
The doll remained in her hands.
He is not so clever as you think.
Have the children gone to school ?
Will they give a ring ?
I am agree.
We stayed in the hut.
My brother helps me in my studies.
Meena has gone to watch a movie with her friend.
We can speak English.
The fireman came out of the house.
Had he touched her hand?
I have bought a watch for my sister.
Can you copy this paper?
How many printers are in your office?
Allaudin Khilji came to attack Sindh with a huge army one million.
Cars are supposed to drive on the right side of the street.
How awkwardly he manages his sword !
Where is the circus ?
I play the guitar in my apartment.
What convinced Caesar to go to the Senate House?
After meeting who did Anu go home.
One hardly knows what to do.
I have two brothers.
He went to Junagarh reluctantly.
You fed me an orange.
How fooish of you that you did not recognisze her !
It never struck me before that he was old.
Did you take your vitamin this morning?
Mahesh had gone to Mumbai last month.
He sent him to England for education.
They had gone.
How long would it take ?
Those are chairs
Next day Chanesar and Jakhro were discussing things.
Was Nitin a famous lawyer ?
She is working in the garden.
Treat me as a friend.
I heard someone singing.
And we daren't say anything, or we should get a most awful kicking
Will she help you soon?
New crops are also being harvested in these days.
How many astrologers are coming to your home?
Next year I may do better.
What’s your mother name?
I like to see a face with a smile on it.
He does well, only that he is nervous at the start.
It is a new shirt.
What is she to you?
He buys horses.
Ravi went home and ate his meal.
What manners
But Sindhis call Ulhasnagar as Sindhunagar because the whole city consists of Sindhis.
The boy who won the first prize in English is the son of my friend, Mr. Joshi.
What did girls do?
I am eating an apple.
So far as I am concerned, I do not agree with you.
Ravi has been ill since Monday.
Can you slay him in the fight?
I will take money.
Evergreen trees are a symbol of fertility because they do not die in the winter.
Why did they not say that John was fired ?
The presents are for you and me.
He cannot stand any more of her actions, just not anymore.
He had nine daughters.
The bandits fought desperately.
He is the taller of the two.
Can you swim ?
He looked up to the roof.
This story is false.
Does Rahul read?
The boy's head was hurt.
They are anxious for her safety.
We ordered a book.
The little bird hopped about and sang.
The building company, which erects very fine houses, will make a large profit.
Wait till I come.
The monsoon may break this month.
His name is Blacky.
Radha is a teacher.
Tina has not painted wonderful pictures.
I have been up since 5 O' clock in the morning.
Will it be done by him?
The dog that you said you chased is here.
What a pity you did not come !
He stole a book.
How is friendship different from other relationships?
When he grew to be a big boy he learnt about the riches and wisdom of India.
Are you abiding ?
He is staring at Ravi.
All horses are animals.
The ship was steered so skillfully that it reached the harbour safely.
Also we have to get the wedding cards printed.
Who does Fenny invite to come to her birthday party?
He was my school-fellow.
What make the women start crying?
She is afraid of ghosts.
Can you dig a pit deeply?
I don't need anybody as long as my father is with me.
He finished the work as the clock struck five.
They have bought T.V.
I want the father in my office.
They are reading the newspaper.
Why does he write an essay?
My friends had not helped me.
In case anyone ventured he should be immediately arrested and brought before him.
He is vain, still his friends adore him.
The black horse broke into a fast run.
All became prey to the crocodile.
I shall have been working for two hours.
He opened windows.
Some people have more money than brains.
So that’s that.
I prefer to go than to sleep.
Why will John cry? 
My travelling companion was an old gentleman.
Nangar replied that Soomra don’t give their daughters in marriage to strangers.
Ruth dropped the pencil.
He hindered from going.
I can't do the sum, nor can my father.
He made a big silk rope.
I sometimes watch television.
I was speaking of them.
He was put out when I refused his request for a loan.
He is too ignorant for a postman.
He is buried near Rome and myrtles grow round his grave.
The poor quality of your work worries me.
But here we are students.
Infact, I am the head of only one village.
Kindly write an article on the poetry of 'Mamoi Sages' and send it.
And how much for one kilograms of onions ?
Will he have not worked?
Did Samir memorize the poem?
I cannot tell you anything new.
At what time will you go ?
They worked very hard.
My sister was charmed with the silk.
She was pushing her bike.
Three and three make six.
What was the only sound that the sailors could hear?
How many fishes are not on water?
It is regrettable that John left.
The book lies in a heap on the floor.
On his way back he died a broken hearted man.
We will have to bring awareness to people and educate the women too.
Shyam wanted some money.
You and I must mork together.
This might have been done earlier.
She is young.
This is long for me.
What is unique and typical about Antarctica?
I do not believe in pampering servants.
The matter ends there.
Caesar was stabbed by Brutus.
I am trying to finish this letter for the last half-hour.
I have been sick since Monday.
I had purchased a lottery ticket.
Latin was once spoken in almost every part of Europe.
I met him on my way to the station.
Ginny, when are you coming home?
How are you doing ?
This is the girl whose mother is from Canada.
There is much truth in what he says.
Was he not careless ?
My Uncle Ali drove a snow-removal truck, and when there was a big snow storm, he would be called to work at any time.
Have you considered all that this proposal involves?
It is easy to find fault.
How can you say every one of my friends has gone away?
Anyway, the party starts at 8:00.
What is the speaker trying to say?
He has a good record.
Mary thinks that Jane knows her.
Now I lay me down to sleep.
He said he would be twenty-five next birthday.
What is the best thing about working at best company?
Maher said he likes his teacher, and Omar said he does, too.
Can you change this gift , please?
He fell in love with her at first sight.
His behavior, to say the least, was very rude.
I might have gone to him.
We sold three tickets.
Let each esteem other better than himself.
She was hit hard enough to be knocked again.
Am I spoon-feeding my child?
Do they work?
They studied English.
If you speak English, you will get along with them perfectly.
They had not been concentrating on the task.
What does this reveal of her character?
Even on the land, he could move only very slowly.
We were climbing a mountain.
Does she do exercise daily ?
They went to Rome.
The sailors cast anchor.
How can you trust a man who plays fast and loose ?
They laughed at his warnings and objected to all his proposals.
He drove a car on petrol.
I will get a Mysore silk saree for myself.
The judge commanded them to call the first witness.
I will forgive you on the condition that you do not repeat the offence.
In my hurry I forgot the most important letters.
What kind of room do you want ?
He weighs 72 kilos.
Yes, said the peasant, "do you want one in which you can spend the night?"
Jalesh is eating an orange.
How many branches have this firm?
I had to go to Ajmer.
Take off your hat, the king said to the Hatter.
It will be late for me to return even in the evening.
I don't know why she is late.
I am good.
Kindly tell that where is theatre ?
This fact is too evident to require proof.
Prices are up.
As soon as the sun touches the horizon darkness begins to settle upon the scene.
I told him that I had not seen him for months.
A new language is being taught in the centre.
I consider him tired.
The defendant's answers were misleading the jury.
Before you go bring me some water.
How are you ?
The boy is lazy.
You deceived him.
It is a very interesting point you have raised.
He fled lest he should be killed.
Is this the man who saw you with the binoculars ?
They tried to protect themselves by escaping.
It is not true of all.
Please give me 2 kg onion.
The exterior walls of the house are made of stone and the interior walls are of wood.
He used to visit us every week, but he rarely comes now.
What did you do to your hair!
Ram possesses two ears.
What are you eating ?
It is later than I thought.
Please go away and leave me alone now.
Bachelor.
I have this document.
The shakespeare's book (Juliet Ceaser) represents the facts of life.
After sometime Bhungar died.
My house is in the village.
Which is he ?
Many young people who leave home at an early age do not manage their money well.
His father was dead.
You did not love me.
The snowman has not melted in the sun.
Pakodas will be eaten.
A child is not able to distinguish good from evil.
No sir, we are not Sindhis.
Get cracking.
The murderer has fled to Australia.
Humans affect the environment.
Chensar and Umar were the kings of which dynasty ?
The second prize was won by a Hindu.
Will he come back soon?
He came himself.
The story is tediously spun out.
The hen has laid an egg.
Was Anna opening the window?
I couldn’t help laughing.
How does he learn how to play the violin?
Who drew the first prize ?
She is my mother.
The wicked vizier loves getting people into trouble.
He would sooner die than tell a lie.
You are partly right.
The meeting would've finished before 1:00 if you'd said less.
Although she studied all weekend, she still failed the test.
Hari opened the door.
Will you tell me one thing?
The train was derailed and no one was hurt.
Will you go to Agra with Hamid and Ram ?
He may go.
He lost his key about this room.
Mary wondered who would bring what.
He was a famous warrior.
Where did you buy this dress?
He was highly delighted.
The food was ready.
I need a man to love.
Will the boy be able to pinch the elephant ?
She sleeps.
Friend, companion, relatives all deserted him.
She could have come, right?
The elephant was eating fruits.
She has promised to obey you.
Boris will learn English.
How can Nelson be said to have been partly responsible for his own death?
She is not going to carry the bag.
I think he requires a nutritious diet.
Napoleon had a genius for millitary tactics.
Grant me what I ask.
I would like to go into it.
The work has been stopped.
I am so sad.
Parents should be obeyed.
I study in Economics department.
It opens till 12 on Sunday.
You must lie in the bed you have made.
It is time we started.
She is my wife.
John has a horse.
How many handicrafts are in Jodhpur?
I took him to task for reading ''penny dreadfuls".
What is meant by this map ?
Please talk to me in Hindi.
I don't have any work there.
We have only three sets, red, green, and white.
Wherever I run, the little dog will follow me.
John turned the light on so that he could see.
Nobody had bothered to plant new ones, had they?
Her pride was shattered.
What message did the ghost convey to the assembled group?
Balu was a man with plenty of impudence.
I thank you with all my heart.
Some men are coming here.
There was no medical help was available on the premises.
What might be done, if men were wise !
She rejected my proposal.
The fat of the body is fuel laid away for use.
We were having a joke.
Put away your books.
Which are the three national water ways of the India?
Are they working?
Who does die in this mundane world?
If I make promise I keep it.
My dog has buried his bones in the lawn.
That song will be sung.
We are not going to walk in the mountains.
He began to eat.
She went to Bombay.
Jon likes Mary and Sue and Bill likes Jane and Sarah.
A fabulous Sita Ram Temple in the palace attracts number of devotees, especially during Ramnavami.
I like comedy movies.
He who lies is eventually caught.
What is the consequence of Brutus’s mistake?
Is Jamie going to win all the races?
He is told that prolonged treatment is requisite for effecting a cure.
Does he have a sandwich for lunch ?
From where have you come ?
The bathroom and lavatory were outside in the courtyard.
Whatever people may think, we always take care of customers.
What according to the sailors was the reason for this situation?
She further told Umar that when she dies in his captivity her body should be sent to her people so that she may be buried in her native soil.
Mary wanted him to win race.
Did they have any useful advice?
He is a well-read man, but in matters of business he is a fool.
Ravi sent Nina a letter through Ram.
They were sort of unsettled community.
She set a tray down on the table.
Thousands of Victorian workers joined educational associations in an attempt to better themselves.
Those are not the methods of business.
How many teachers are taking the exam?
Don't you get bored by this long journey ?
The girl whom I know the father of came to visit.
There is an exhibition going on in Ramlila ground.
He managed a cage which had hooks and big nails fixed outside.
Who do you want ?
Ram will have been working.
Being paralytic, he did not go.
Please give me magazine of radio's programs.
There was no rain, nor did the sun emerge, it just remained cloudy.
Paul watched as his teacher wrote the solution to the maths problem on the whiteboard.
Every man likes his wife.
He sold his bats at $10 each.
They will run races.
I can eat one kg apples.
She tore her head scarf.
What happened then I don't know.
Don't you have any brother ?
Sprinkle cold water on eyes to remove dust.
He held the post ten years.
I come here for work all the time.
Ram walks slowly.
One should keep one's promises.
She sometimes bemoaned her luck.
Due to extreme weakness, he could not go to meet Suhini.
There is little danger in going there.
Susan will write the paper, won't she ?
His explanation was hard to believe.
I have a lot of friends.
I wrote to them last month and I'm still waiting for a reply.
There was a school to the left of this temple.
I am seeing you for the last time.
We expect to get the latest news in few hours.
Tina was painting a wonderful picture.
I was so hurried that I forgot to take my bag.
They have not worked.
Many girls and boys from different schools have also come here.
The weather was cold.
She walks very fast.
How does online education help children?
I needn't get up early tomorrow.
He does not believe it.
The wheel came off.
Rama is more brave than prudent.
He will be able to read Sindhi book.
In that battle Sabar as well as Saeed Salar Jung both were killed.
It snows.
The sudden noise frightened the noise.
One of the bins smells awful.
How does she prepare for exams?
He was disappointed in the hope of being rewarded.
He is the representative of the King, and as such we are bound to honour him.
There isn't much difference between you and him.
Who do you think Mary will hire ?
We still have a whole month.
Ram will go on singing that song.
Water is cold in the earthen pot.
Will you accept this please?
Apollo was worshipped as long as the Roman Empire lasted.
How many dreams will you fullfill?
Hearing the noise, the boy woke up.
She was called Noori because her beauty reminded every one of the beautiful full moon into its bloom.
He died a glorious death.
It rained so hard that the streets were flooded.
The girl sang songs.
We were going to home.
Are they going to repeat the question?
How long does she have to wait ?
Ramesh used to speak good Sindhi.
He had his suit cleaned.
You are giving a pen.
Do whatever the babysitter tells you to.
There were beautiful glimpses of all the states.
This city has a museum.
Was the mother cooking food ?
I was obliged to sit the whole day without victuals.
He told the news to everybody in the village.
Were the children laughing about the joke?
You people started fighting on your own.
Will you manufacture goods?
I went to market to get the work done.
I continually invited him to visit me, but he never came.
Ashok fell off the ladder when he was mending the roof.
In Devalkot they got friendly with a flower vendor.
Having played football, I sat in the bath, while the kettle boiled, thinking of how to spend the evening, which loomed before me promisingly.
He had often helped him.
I dropped the key somewhere about here.
Ashoka was a wise king.
Previous to his death he made his will.
He quarrels in the field.
Although Latin American women work 60 hours Latin men work only 54 and in Asia women work 62 hours to men's 48.
We must hurry, should we ?
We have been supplying them material for the last twenty years.
Ahmad teaches his brother English.
Was Rinki absent from class ?
Hard work and preservance are indispensable to success in life.
The police came to the scene in the nick of time.
The compounder dispenses medicines.
I believe her to be wise.
We have eaten fish.
The orange was sour.
He was returning from the school on the cycle.
Innocence is not proof of scandal.
I consider Mary an inspector of great value.
I will drink in a moment.
What a shame!
Has your friend driven the car?
I have work which I must do.
I cannot remember the reason why he wanted us to leave.
I would rather die than suffer so.
Have we enough cups to go round.
He called him here a few minutes ago.
We must be watching a play.
I don't want.
To whom are you listening ?
Albert had been playing squash.
Three men have called.
Geeta does not have so much courage.
The money could be better spent on more urgent cases.
I help him.
Jack heard a strange noise, and we were scared.
I expect John to go first.
The girl who I with-watched a movie came to visit.
No other drama in Sanskrit is so good as Shakuntala.
Why should I help you ?
He did as he was told.
Who did build this house?
I usually spend a nice time with my family.
He is eating rice.
There have been further developments subsequent to our meeting.
We came.
He can play the flute.
Please tell the way to zoo.
How many dresses does she want?
He eternally joined his beloved.
How do you know that the nightingale’s song was a sensation?
I have thought about him many times.
Benjamin is breaking the rules.
Am I accusing ?
The creaking door awakened the dog.
He forced himself to lie absolutely still.
My teacher often says to me, 'If you don't work hard, you will fail.'
He is both a fool and a knave.
We can't speak English.
Ravi cut the unripe banana.
Sita committed a mistake.
Rome was not built in a day.
Will you not have been reading for two days?
The cat chased the mouse that ate the cheese that came from the cow.
Said an old Crab to young one, "Why do you walk so crooked, child ?
His dislike to her continued to increase.
Do you not remember him who was formerly your friend?
He should have gone for the examination.
Mohan was angry with Ram.
Your name means God's religion.
The man seems worried.
To give is better than to receive.
Sheila was coming here.
I am getting you.
What the heck was that?
John is giving bananas, Saidi oranges.
His friend and army chief Haso Sodo died in one to one combat with the Chief of Allaudin's army Nadar.
Would you have the king control our lives ?
We were to be taught.
We had tea.
I can speak a little bit Sindhi.
Did you get married ?
Such who have pure hearts shall inherit the kingdom of heaven.
Where is Abdul?
Barbara gave me the chocolates.
It started to rain while we were playing tennis.
He was the swiftest.
Wolfram is one of the rarest minerals.
We wished to know.
Lee will not leave.
How lovely the garden is!
I wish you were here.
When did she like him?
He did it as I told him.
He will not come.
Will he not be seeing you off and on ?
Who is sitting beside Peter?
Mohan will show his son to the doctor.
He again fainted.
Will we enjoy our holidays?
His custom is to ride daily.
We are all inclined to judge of others as we find them.
How many people think about it ?
The river Ganges emerges from Gangotri.
Will he say 'no'?
A girl came.
Chander's brother has gone to hear 'Kirtan'.
The boy is sick.
But your friend Jadhav told that your master had beaten you.
Hari does not write fast.
They will not feel good.
We should not see his like again.
Since duty calls us, we must obey.
They haven't come yet, have they ?
Don't disturb me.
One shepherd named Damo used to live on the bank of the river.
Don't think that you are clever.
I work an eight-hour day
The wild boar abounds in some parts of Europe.
After a few minutes the jury gave its verdict.
What fun it was !
I will not be able to go alone.
Did you hear my show last night ?
The question of unemployment bristles with difficulties.
Susan loves to swim and her brother likes to dive.
Give 5 kilograms.
She is looking at you.
I will see you tomorrow.
When I was in high school, I learned how to play the piano and guitar.
Anu, you know that Ravi hit her.
The women were singing.
It is a beautiful and small town, away from noise.
The drama is founded on an episode in the Ramayana.
Thus being dejected they decided to find another way.
How old is your daughter?
The doctor has attended him for years.
Which man likes which woman ?
This happened to be a night of raging storm.
He was about to sing.
He mortgaged me his entire property.
Even though she had a ten-page paper to write, Mary went to the movies with friends.
They will be able to teach.
She was more than a little shaken by the experience.
I shall go to Ulhasnagar on Saturday.
You were repairing the car.
They gave themselves a lot of trouble.
The path that led to the palace was designed as a maze where anyone would lose himself.
Amy kept the doll.
He is but a child.
She will be away from school for a few days.
Is he a handsome man?
Both kinds of foods are available in the restaurant of the hotel.
He had touched her hand.
We go to bed.
I kept quiet.
I also want garlic, ginger and coriander leaves.
I cared why he did it ?
I do not know what his name is.
Juma eats more than Saidi.
We thought the movie was too violent, but our friends, who likes scary movies, disagreed with us.
I believe that he is innocent.
I think his soul is in heaven, fool.
Has Rustam shown you his camera ?
Your wife has phoned.
 If we had taken a taxi instead of a bus, we might have arrived on time.
 I am preparing dal.
A palatial building was constructed for her where she could live with her maid servants.
The policeman was not impressed by your alibi.
We will come with them.
I don't believe it that anyone has come.
The child is asleep.
I want to watch 'Surabhi' program.
He agreed to my proposal.
He was seen driving a car.
This is the book that I bought in London.
Now what should I do to open an account.
Will you stay here?
The students are sitting in the classroom
He thought of going to Lahore.
Mani is two years older than Rati.
Soon his fame as a holy person got spread.
The dressing-table was knocked down for fifty rupees.
The peasant replied that he could, and asked whether the traveller wanted one in which he could spend the night.
Will you tell me why did you sell that car?
The students were tired.
Had you visited the castle?
It took me fifteen minutes to reach the stadium.
I will not see him though he comes.
It never snows in Auckland, does it?
You are going to play cards.
He ran as fast as he could.
We often deceive ourselves.
Is Fatahpur Sikri too far from Agra ?
Father is in the garden.
His son had come there.
He collected that tooth and safely secured it.
Before the judgement could be pronounced there appeared a Haji clad in black robes.
Meera is distributing sesa.
An umbrella is of no avail against thunderstorm.
I need translation.
I will take you for a visit.
Somebody hit the maid of the woman who was talking on the phone.
Isn"t he working?
The value of exercise is great.
Log on to www.onlinesbi.com
The weather is delightfully cool.
Ram sent Ravi a book, but Ravi didn't get.
I am going to the market.
You tour around quite a lot through your office.
You do not worry.
Was she writing a poem?
I shall have plenty of time tomorrow.
You need not roar.
The building is very big.
Students of white group get good marks.
The boys are ready.
We ate chicken at the restaurant.
The river is deep and swift.
He did not have even a rupee with him.
I know the place very well.
What do you want ?
Everyone ran as fast as they could.
One is sure of what one sees.
Naomi is not one of the cleverest girls in the class.
I am studying political science.
You must still do it.
If my husband were alive but why lament the past?
The doctors have taken the x-ray.
The teacher went to the desk.
How many pockets are in your shirt?
We went to Gandhidham yesterday.
Wonderful, what a lovely voice !
Can I go to market?
My family  are perfectly normal.
You are as kind as you are handsome.
It fell short of my hopes,
Has his temperature gone down?
You must have read this book.
Ram brought a book.
He was very pleased.
Which book does she read?
His subordinates accused him of various offences.
Will you ride a bicycle?
Sweet like honey !
My mother's company, which makes mobile phones, is moving soon from Frankfurt to London.
John knows where Mary bought The Lover and Bill knows where she bought Past Continuous.
I want to find the man who did this.
They now jeered with him whom they had once acclaimed as their hero.
I will be able to talk in Sindhi.
Which policeman did John see ?
Seven fisherman sitting on the bank of river became happy after seeing the pot.
They wondered what to do for a while.
How is the climate of Sindh ?
My father is fat and he weighs over fifteen stone.
I had to be taught.
Keep the matter to yourself.
The dog is happy
He will show them Poona.
Will you not wash your clothes?
We would rather fight and die than facing such ignominy.
You were reading a Sindhi book.
If you had grievances, why did you not lay them before your own officers ?
He is going to embarrass his father.
There is nothing better than a busy life.
He proceeded to the next question.
You should speak Hindi.
What does he think about life?
Sima considers Raka very intelligent.
John is happy to leave.
When she saw that I was born black that's why she gave me name Sundaram.
Riding a bicycle is easy.
The girl who is left is tall.
We are not drinking tea.
Only tell me, is there anything in the world that I can bring you ?
I am as strong as him.
They have swum across the lake.
I did see.
I think I’d rather have it in blue.
He said, "I am unwell."
He received severe sentence.
A silent belly is like a silent dog .
Few escaped unhurt.
I must speak it out frankly.
Saroj went and fought with her brother.
Did you open the box ?
The dressing-table was knocked down for Rs. 900.
Where are you ?
That such a thing could happen, I do not believe.
She dances well.
Tim and Alex must not open the window.
May I ask a question?
A spider saved Robert Bruce.
I didn't see the film, but Gopi did.
They should be consigned to one room for life time.
Did you drive her home last night ?
Will Rani sing a song?
I have never known him to be angry.
Butter melts if you leave it out in the sun.
The man who goes jogging every Friday is my neighbour.
I met him secretly.
Early rising is beneficial to health.
How many bouquets of flowers have you?
John Gipin was a citizen of credit and renown.
He came back to his home.
He has been singing ghazals.
The sun shone on the corn.
Tanaka knows what Mary bought.
Ram didn't have even one son of own.
He laboured at his dictionary for twelve years.
I met him at the church.
Has she refused the offer? 
Does she like chocolate?
Will you lend me your pen?
Has he decorated your house?
Without effort nothing can be gained.
A score of 70 or above will get you an 'A' grade.
He has no scruple in begging.
Deepchand was miserable.
Anil cooked food.
Lal used to live in Ahmedabad.
Did he tell you the truth ?
What by fire and what by sword, the whole country was laid waste.
Prakash, which are the mountains in the north of our country ?
 I will go to school at 6 O' clock tomorrow.
Shalini is studying these days with great concentration.
What reason does the speaker give?
It was fun to see you running up the hill as fast as you could.
I must meet my beloved before death.
Jeff and Linda will not cycle home.
What happened to Raju ?
Was I fired ?
There is no other train till midnight.
Which juice do you prefer, Orange and Apple?
Leave the package at the door.
Did he do such a thing ?
How did the narrator help the boys?
The man who went to the park is reading the newspaper.
Does Radha have bangle?
I do not know when I shall return.
Please read this letter!
He was ill pleased.
You will take me for a visit.
On the pretext of giving food to a fakir, Suhini came out to meet him.
I have to meet them.
She was unhappy.
He drives a roaring trade.
He has provided against his children.
I will be passing your house this afternoon.
What do you know that he did ?
This way Rai Diyach, Sorath and Beejal all perished.
What types of munificence tales are found in ancient times?
Who is teaching you?
Mary's sister promised Miss marple to behave herself.
For fear of imprisonment they kept silence.
I wish for your success.
John continues sleeping.
If you eat fast food, you will gain weight.
We rejoiced at him being promoted.
How does he play on this computer?
You always did have good taste!
Without health there is no happiness.
I went down to London to work for a psychiatrist.
I heard her sing.
Can I see you at 5 o' clock ?
Alas that youth should pass away!
I am so glad to hear it.
After that we felt bored.
We were watching cricket on T.V.
He told me a moving story about his childhood.
Did they leave without saying good-bye last night?
Otherwise the wells run dry.
Ram smiled.
I have a black and white dog.
There was once a fort where you are standing now.
You opened a door.
Few men reach the age of one hundred years.
They told the story among the friends.
She stopped suddenly in the middle of her story.
Assure John that all is well, by ensuring that his wallet is still with us.
If he had not signed, he would have been executed.
I was working.
Bring that chair!
She looks dainty.
Bring me the books which I lie on the table.
He is going to answer the question.
Brown gave it a try.
Everybody is discontented with his lot in life.
He won't work.
I have to purchase notebooks.
She made the boy do the whole work.
Maigret will imitate Poirot with enthusiasm.
She will give him a gift.
Is the shop open ?
My exam is in March.
I offered to collect the mail for him.
She was working.
It is feared that he will not come.
What will they do now ?
Beejal came to know about it.
Am I going to answer the question?
She smiled and said, "All this, my child, I know fully well, but no sooner do I hear a dog bark, than, somehow or other, my heels take me off as fast as they can carry me."
We used to study.
You can walk for miles and not see anyone.
In no time, he had fallen to his death.
He hasn't spoken to me since the last committee meeting.
The train will reach there in the night.
It will be Diwali in a week.
When does the library open ?
Who do you think will be questioned first ?
My brother, who is a doctor, has gone to America.
Thanks for help.
You know what to do.
I'll buy medicine.
My sister can't read.
I had scarcely taken orders a year, before I began to think seriously of matrimony.
The children seem tired.
He is obeyed.
You do not visit the castle.
I will go to children's school tomorrow.
I was out of danger under his great help.
I ordered him to halt, but he took no notice.
The program was organized by the ministry.
I also went with them.
You have been taught.
She is more polite than her sister.
Ramesh had gone to Kolkata that's why did not go to Deepak's marriage.
The court listened silently.
I duly received the message you sent me.
Has the dinner cost a fortune?
I was wondering if I could get you anything.
That is my friend.
Where can I send the parcel ?
I was coming from the market.
I think that John is a decent detective.
I got bored here.
I have often told him to write neatly.
I got my dress from uncle.
Do you suppose you know better than your own father?' jeered his angry mother.
In 1959 my father would give me twenty five paise on the first day of every month.
What flew past the window just then? 
This will last me a month.
He asked me if I would accompany him.
He was a lad of great promise.
India is a country of villages.
While going towards the port, heaps of salt were seen.
Geeta wrote a letter to her mother yesterday.
What a surprise!
It is amusing watching monkeys.
What is situated around Charminar ?
He came here so that he could help his brother.
You used to sing.
Can you boil some water for me?
While I was waiting in the bus stop three buses went by in the opposite direction.
The committee has issued its reports.
My appointment is after 9.00 P.M.
He is indifferent to his own interest.
If I am poor, yet I am honest.
Had they been using their calculators?
Have you been here ?
Everything went according to plan.
When he saw the danger he paused.
One should help one's friends.
My sister must wash the dishes.
He does not always speak as he thinks.
He worked too slowly to be of much use to me.
What manner of man is he ?
He needed help.
Where is my school ?
He could not bear the separation from his beloved.
Our friends will hear of our success.
What she cooked, which was very tasty, Anu has eaten it.
What have you done ?
How did he solve the problem ?
John ate beans.
We would have enjoyed very much.
He is not working.
Who did you give the book to?
She flew to her nest to enjoy the tasty meal.
Please wait for sometime.
Iron is more useful than copper.
I could visit the whole city.
O,what a fall was there, my countryman!
When does she meet with me?
He was the most learned of the judges who lived at that time.
She did not budge an inch.
Alcohol is injurious to health.
Can you finish this work by Sunday ?
What did they buy at the fair?
I know the answer.
Its roof is very old.
Will you come with us ?
Does she know your phone number ?
Is there a hostel  or not?
Kaushal did not lift a finger to help Kumar.
Ramesh will go to Agra and will certainly see Tajmahal.
The cost of all these articles is risen.
They have money.
Four shows.
Sheila was also there.
Nobody likes a girl with bad habits.
They have eaten all of it.
He couldn’t read which surprised me.
The crow flew down and stole the cheese.
Who is there ?
A boy with blue eyes.
He will show you how to do it.
Billy has been hiding the truth.
Will he join us next week ?
Youngsters play.
They must have laughed a lot.
You must have watched a fair.
I do not understand what had happened.
Okay, Good bye.
The girl is fond of music.
Don't you get bored sitting whole day at home ?
He is too shy.
He came with you.
Now exact time is 11.00
Do you think there's enough for today.
He can swim.
Our system should be up by this afternoon.
I was eating an apple.
Kindly bring toilet paper.
They hid in the woods and marshes.
Most people think so.
A Service Charge of 10 % is levied on Local Calls and 25 % on "Roaming" Calls.
He knows how to cook, but his wife doesn't.
Has Vanessa caught the ball?
He came to know the bravery of Dodo's son-in-law who was son of Chanesar.
Play that new piece to us.
I haven't receieved a letter from him yet.
That was a record-breaking jump.
He works hard and he will succeed.
This is a blind alley job.
He said, "Will you listen to such a man?"
He is vain of his attainments.
Dad gave me a car.
He said, "I am unwell"
That I was successful does not make me happy.
He and I can never pull on together.
Aren't you sleepy yet?
I wished to see a dentist.
Who was killed in the fight ?
Who would you prefer to come first ?
He is not your friend.
The boy will hurt himself.
I need half kg peanuts.
Many ships were so shattered as to be wholly unmanageable.
We ran so that we might arrive in time.
Don't ask me anything else.
We have had enough exercise.
Fiona visited her grandma.
How many students want to study law?
He is richer than I am.
Didn't your brother go to Delhi ?
He will never give up.
Had the clouds disappeared?
Where has Emsworth hidden the Empress ?
Generally your conduct is good.
The old beggar was bitten by a mad dog.
Our team is better than theirs.
My boss called me last night.
Visit us whenever you come here.
I am not getting an aswer from there.
I promise you a fair hearing.
These horses cost five hundred rupees each.
What are the two disadvantages of travelling by sea?
No medical help was available on the premises
Admittance was refused him by the Durban.
Where is the office ?
There are many who we know quite well are honest.
All the blessing we enjoy come from God.
How many times did you say this to your friend?
Languages spoken by millions of people.
Have they repeated the question?
Raju played well.
Is the breakfast included in room tariff ?
Had we opened the door?
She is a better wife than teacher.
The Lord said unto Moses.
How are you feeling right now ?
John said on Friday that he was coming.
He cannot be caught on account of his quickness.
He must be homesick.
John likes to eat.
My cousin pulled through the examination.
I returned home because I was tired.
The horse never kicks.
Does life need only two-time meals ?
I play soccer.
The man who is honest succeeds in life.
I am leaving for my office just now.
We have won the game.
Men fear death as children to go in the dark.
That's a bright idea.
Why does he earn 50,0000?
At length she woke and looked round.
I can play the chess, but my brother can't.
As he was not there, I spoke to his brother.
You worked.
She has a big blue book.
After they finished studying, Mary and John went to watch the movies.
That's an irritating noise.
Had he paid cash?
What kind of weather did the sailors enjoy at the beginning of their journey?
How many countries have got independence?
Who are you trying to flatter here ?
Walking up to the front door, I rang the bell.
This answer seems to be fault.
He became very angry and furious.
He teaches us Geometry.
Touching is prohibited.
Those are walls.
The clock stopped this morning.
This is the question whose solution has baffled philosophers of all ages.
His courage won him honour.
Five Rs. Per dozen.
He would work harder.
I met a boy who was very cruel.
Did she underline the word?
I would have told you, if I had seen him.
I don't know the answer to that.
He likes to picture himself as an original thinker.
What effect does it have on his daughter?
We noticed the boy walking down the street.
You are a chatter-box.
Jerry plays football everyday.
What will Dr. Sadao do to get rid of the man?
What do you think of the weather in our country?
Wish you were here.
The cautious never repent.
Oranges were very dear.
Yet I am always catching cold or getting fever.
What would be the moment like?
Brutus stabbed Caesar.
Come on next Sunday !
I think I know your face.
Will you not read this book ?
I don’t know how far he has gone.
You have been playing cards.
He has his heart in the right place.
Delay was dangerous.
He exclaimed sadly that he was undone.
I left persuaded by him.
There are many active volcanoes in Japan.
Yesterday, I didn't do any work.
Please yourself!
I am found of music.
The proverb says this.
The house was very small, who knows how five people could live in that much space.
A man of industrious habbits is sure to succeed.
She is my aunt.
Thank you for your letter.
In Sindhi folk literature.
Akabar was the greatest of the great Moghuls.
Man is guided by reason, and beast by instict.
That day he arrived late.
They danced.
The minstrel was infirm and old.
We cannot be worried about or terrified of the difficulties in life.
Bairagarh is also in Bhopal.
Have you nothing that you wish to say.
Once upon a time there lived a giant.
He stared at me immediately
The strike has lasted for six months.
He said that we are all sinners.
Come, I'll introduce you to my family.
We discussed the matter yesterday.
He who does his best shall be praised.
How did Mr. Lamb’s meeting with Derry become a turning point in Derry’s life?
He has done M.A. in Sindhi.
The man stole the bicycle.
You can have no excuse for talking bluntly.
When will you be coming ?
Yesterday, I met your uncle, the doctor.
John has arrested the criminal.
Ram eats hungrily.
They are forbidden to enter the sacred place on point of death.
Does your sister know about dance rules?
Where do you stay ?
He visited entire city.
How was the governor able to find the place where Evans had gone?
Gradually he became famous.
The two girls who are standing are tall.
No sooner had I reached the station, than the train left.
What does he want to transfer?
Sita got tired of crying but her mother-in-law continued washing clothes.
How did the people in the post office behave with him?
The dog bit the man.
What would be the result of killing the bird?
The telegraph wires have been cut.
Copper is an useful metal.
If I knew Philosophy, I would be able to answer your question.
Having finished his exercise, he put away his books.
We wouldn't have gone unless they had offered to pay the air fare.
Is he able to read and write ?
The letters were written.
Sahba likes to listen to sitar.
Good morning, sir
Madam, shall we open the notebooks ?
He admitted that he had written the letter.
The house had been pulled down.
They bought vegetables.
I am too busy to attend the party.
Sita read son's letter.
He does better.
How did you come here?
I like reading poetry.
I promised I’d ﬁnish for Christmas.
I continually invited him to visit me, but he never came.
Use right words.
At last one saint blessed her.
We refused them admission.
He reached at the station.
He is moving about the building.
It is raining here.
He was weary of failure.
His son carried on his business in his absence.
You are in the wrong.
He told Jakhro not to mention about Kounru ever again.
She became speechless.
His precept is as beautiful as his practice is disgraceful.
He suffered many distresses.
He broke down in the middle of his speech.
The vizier was a man of great wealth.
I like rice.
We went into the jungle to find our dog.       
But we do not get a chance to live in a village.
He has retired from business.
Which communication skill does help in building friendship?
I was going there.
The boy is very nice.
There was a doctor in hospital.
He thanked me for what I had done.
The sky is blue.
At present, I am finishing a project, and I also starting a new one.
To shave myself now would be painful.
Be quiet !
I cannot express how sorry I am.
She spoke so quitely I could hardly hear her.
She had not watched the match.
The horse became restive.
John smeared the wall with paint.
Shyam's house is not in Agra.
Will I get a newspaper in hotel ?
Are the shops open on Sundays?
Can I help you ?
She sits on a chair.
He died for his country.
You do whatever you think right.
I drank some tea and felt better.
What does it mean ?
But I am from Poona only.
How many players will not play game?
John knew Mary.
I shall do my duty.
The cat purred.
This is difficult to tell.
The plain and zari silk of Mysore sarees are good.
He must work very hard and make up for the lost time.
What do you take in breakfast ?
What folly !
Scarcely any one believes in such ghost stories nowadays.
That's all whitewash.
I didn't sleep well.
He might have written letters.
Stop chewing with your mouth open!
She is dead.
Why are you so stupid ?
One more danger of your promotion will be that that you‘ll spend even more time away from your family.
It measures five feet.
He put out the fire immediately.
I am naked.
He didn't have to go.
Ram couldn't open the door.
What is the name of Ram's son ?
Every man loves his mother.
The kindhearted, intelligent, handsome boy had many girlfriends.
If I win the prize, I will share it with you.
She persuaded him to marry her.
Will they buy a car next year?
Was Fiona visiting her grandma?
Suddenly, a snake entered the house.
She had not been sitting on a chair.
A magnificent royal palace and the hunting lodge was built by Maharaja Vinay Singh in 1845 AD .
Are there any witnesses present.
For it is the first time you have been away from home.
He emphasized that no physical relationship was involved.
He was not referring to our question.
Ram has read this story.
Tom will not stay with Anny.
I feel like going for a walk by the side of the lake.
He has come to stay.
Rama reads for pleasure.
Will he have done the work?
You come.
I used to do office work.
For want of money, he was unable to prosecute his studies.
At the same time our palates are refreshed with the tropical fruit.
Ask what he wants.
It’s not even eleven o’clock yet!
Human is the superior in this planet.
No, I am not from a village.
How many dictionaries have you?
We are not climbing a mountain.
We are  reading English.
fifteen thousand rupees per month.
The woman whom he likes is married.
A man who is industrious is sure to succeed.
Ravi saw Nitin and he was very happy.
I shall keep back nothing from you.
Why does she disgrace him all the time?
The guide showed us a pagoda.
From where dance dresses are purchased ?
No harm can come to one whom God protects.
Rama and Hari work hard;
Do your best.
He asked for some money.
The F-102 is a supersonic airplane.  
She was greatly afflicted at the loss of her only child.
This train will leave from here at 7 O' clock.
Drink the medicine quickly.
I was badly shaken by this incident.
There were no complaints except that the day was too hot.
She doesn't agree that grammar is easy.
Are any more guests coming?
How far have you got with your homework?
What, according to Tagore, is the true cause of poverty in a country?
You also sit down.
Sydney is 13,249 miles far from Paris.
The table was spread.
The girl whom I like came to visit.
He ran to the station.
Mother didn't like Ila's teasing Anu.
Have we been climbing a mountain?
My favorite drink is lemonade.
He was proclaimed Emperor.
The hare runs at enormous speed.
Don't talk about that.
Why did he go to Delhi ?
He used to spend most of his time with Noori.
Will you please turn on the tap?
He was turning around.
You wish it.
I informed them.
There was a monster in my room and he was roaring.
The old man is looking forward to the visit of his grandchildren.
Is the book green ?
This was done in my absence.
Will he go to Mumbai tomorrow?
The pilot could be heard singing.
The girl sat on the mattress.
Has he come in ?
Do not read in moving trains.
He had resolved on a certain course.
I always wear a jacket when it will be cold.
Tell them to go out.
friend, I am not feeling well.
Are you carrying a box?
The dog you said chased you is here.
You do not bowl fast.
That way Dodo and Chanesar were stepbrothers.
Where are you living ?
Is he going to school?
Ravi plays hockey, and Rajiv plays cricket.
Girl was playing.
It is hard always to be cheerful.
The factory workers were ready, able, and determined to do a great job.
The church was build circa 1840.
Is this Jill’s wallet?  
They loved themselves so much that they thought of no one else.
How clever I am ! he said.
I wish that you would come to my place.
Will they wait for you?
Will he be talking ?
I took an umbrella to work because it was raining.
The boy fell into the well.
Hari is idle.
What do they celebrate in Britain on 5th November?
The world is the happy place.
In addition, I would like for you to sweep the kitchen floor.
They always try to find fault with me.
This is my brother's shop.
The way was long, the wind was cold.
An elephant is an animal that lives in hot countries.
Thanks to the storm, we have no electricity. 
Rama may be in the garden.
It is getting late, so we can’t make it in time.
He did not write a grammar, on the contrary, he was a very good poet.
The house that we rented it in London was fully furnished.
I am anxious about the result.
Was he giving five rupees to her ?
He should be going.
Tell him about his plans.
James said that will be enough, and everyone agreed.
John seems to like Mary.
You are not asking a question.
At present I am reading the Essays of Bacon, but it is sometimes difficult to take in his meaning.
What do you think, where did Maria dance ?
This is the right house.
Please switch on the T.V.
Which one do you want?
I can't walk any further.
His days are numbered.
I wanted a car.
That day all the sweets were consumed.
He says he has never known sickness.
I may have time to watch the match but I'm not sure about it.
U-turn is prohibited.
He shouted that it was a case of mistaken.
I understand Sindhi little bit but cannot speak.
It was foolish of Mr Ramesh to accept the offer.
Music is a mirror of society.
I wrote the letter.
What nonsense you have written!
If he phones, what should I do?
I was sometimes vexed at his behaviour.
He came, and sat by my side.
Nothing is special.
Our dramas are popular in India and in other countries.
We eat mangoes.
While I command this ship there will be good discipline.
What caused the problem?
King could see through their artificial makeup and their behaviour and went away.
I have nothing more to say.
Please tell us how to get there.
He loves his dog and cannot do without it.
He piques himself of his artistic taste.
He replied that he suffered from a terrible disease.
O camel, drink some water now.
They feel that they can win.
A girl with cancer is suffering a lot.
Hyderabad is so attractive.
I don't like dogs, and my sister doesn't like cats because they make her sneeze.
Then he will come back with his friends.
What all do you have to buy ?
It was spoken quietly.
This institution has opened many schools.
Which girl makes an effort, she is often successful.
That's all .
Be kind and help me.
Travelling in a hot dusty train gives me no pleasure.
Mohan had the urge to laugh.
I teach maths.
These are merely excuses.
Ram remembered the story and Nina liked the poem.
George waited until the programme ended.
I don't know.
We’re going to be late!
Did the shop close last weekend ?
Ram did a lot of work.
Many students were arrested.
Do not let him have a car.
He sold his horse below its value.
He works sincerely.
I will teach you.
Had they been digging a hole?
She asked her son why he was crying.
How is Ramesh now ?
She likes chocolate.
John took an orange.
I played with the same bat that you did.
Sir, do you have steel chairs and tables ?
I live in Kolkata.
Mr. Sinha was lived in London for years.
There is no exception to this rule.
His evidence bears out, the evidence of the first witness.
He shouted to them to let him go.
The steamer sailed yesterday.
Give me one dozen sweet limes and 1/2 dozen oranges.
Upon seeing the signal the troops set out.
Does anyone want some more pie ?
Ninety rupees is too much for this bag.
To whom were you speaking?
He could clearly remember the incidents of his youth.
She was my aunt.
She cried.
Somehow he struggled to reach Suhini.
cheap and durable.
 A rock portion , projecting outwards like a roof at nearly 180 degree is called a Roof.
Do you play any instruement ?
The more ignorant a man is, the less modest he is.
The mule was partially relieved from the load.
This razor is not as sharp as that one.
Please wait, he is having his meal.
I was very embarrassed by your behaviour.
I had a letter from him lately.
Have some rice, will you ?
I will not let the thee go except(=unless) thou bless me.
Mary is very intelligent.
She used to shed tears whole day.
You will get many buses from there.
He remonstrated that he was in fact Deepchand.
Unfortunately no one was present there.
Sima is not here, this is known to everyone.
I could hardly recognize him.
The boy found the ball.
You teach Sindhi.
Ranjana is studying in a college.
Did you receive my letter?
I am sending a money order.
The air smells fresh.
We went to the soccer game but it started to rain as soon as we arrive.
Does this boy consider that girls are burden on their families?
How did he spend his time in the side street?
It came to be known that as far as Shyam is concerned, he did not go there.
I had finished when he came.
What was Sheila doing ?
If he runs all the time he can get there in time.
He used to teach.
What do you think?
l feel the cold.
I give training in sports club.
Promises should be kept.
A famine was feared.
But he is destined to kill your illustrious brother.
Is Ravi singing a song ?
He became so ill that he was unable to walk.
Before I made a decision, I thought carefully about it.
She baked a cake for her boyfriend.
How did people try consoling Derry about his burnt face?
Sita forgot where her house was.
What is age got to do with it?
Uma was happy to meet her brother.
Inspite of all the restrictions they fell in love with each other.
He died in the village where he was born.
Moriro the boat man is even today remembered and admired by people for his cleverness, wisdom and courage.
I will talk in Sindhi.
Can you hide pens from him?
Please give me 2 kg apple.
He gave him the work of looking after the herd of Buffaloes.
They have to buy notebooks.
They badly needed a change.
We picked oranges.
Nina was given bread.
The curator of the museum showed us some ancient coins.
As we had finished Volume One, we began to study Volume Two.
We took a turn around the park.
A clown is someone who makes you laugh.
When does it begin ?
Please tell the way to stadium.
Let him who has suffered most in the cause speak.
Where is it ?
I forgot to give the birthday wishes.
I save money to buy a new car.
We picked them up early, but they still missed their plane.
You should be punctual.
The robbers will overtake us.
Did he answer the question?
Will he be going abroad for forever?
The girls getting wet in the rain were laughing.
There must be elders at home.
Do you work much?
Was the boss happy ?
Two thousand is a nice round number -put it down.
And they went back to their work in the village.
I shall return soon.
A good boy will always carry out the commands of his superiors.
So he knows nothing about it.
 It is better to drink 6 to 8 glasses of water.
Does she always beseech him?
He aimed to win the prize and worked hard.
You shouldn’t believe everything you read in the newspaper.
I heard Gita singing.
There are many books in my house.
When and where Saint kawarram was born ?
People listened to the lecture of the leader peacefully.
Will that child not be playing with his toys?
Raka writes fiction.
You will get a pen.
This boy is very clever.
Though the war is over, there is much discontent.
Whale is in danger of becoming extinct.
I will recover it, or die in the attempt.
I am not going to answer the question.
Punhoon followed her advice and this strategy succeeded.
He turned the key in the lock.
Then we have to buy suitcase, cosmetics, sandals, cosmetics, sandals, plate, bowl, tape inserter, metal vessel for eyeliner, bedding for the bridal couple etc.
I will feed the chickens today if you will feed the chickens tomorrow.
I must do my homework.
We will teach you to play jokes.
His little friends brought toys.
Enjoy the film.
Recently he has been giving himself airs.
He doesn't have to go.
He had to go to Ajmer.
John went to the movies, ate popcorns, and drank a coke.
Where had we gone ?
The revolt of the tribal chiefs has been got under.
Will you join the camp?
I don't think Mary will come.
His views do not accord with mine.
She doesn't understand how to do the exercise.
He fled where his pursuers could not follow.
Why did Roshan go to Delhi ?
Give two kilograms.
They have been eating the apples more than they have been eating the oranges.
There is a book on the table.
Karim is always idle.
The person who is speaking is my brother.
The incident of Sasi-Punnhu belongs to the initial stage of Sumra reign.
She is an extremely intelligent girl.
Boys of blue group will not be promoted.
You show.
Who is the owner of this shop ?
Who gave Ali the strength to brave the bitter cold?
Will the marriage party take place in this hall ?
Virtue is its own reward.
Neither his father nor his mother is alive.
I will not be able to pay its rent.
By reason of his great ability he has been able to win a high position.
She picked me up last night.
Does she ask me?
It's strong.
I gave the book to him.
A few boys were kept in.
What chain does Nehru not want to break?
I hate you.
We can prove that the earth is round.
How many locks do you have?
In spite of that he will always find his happiness incomplete.
What did Mrs. Seema intend to give Loona on her birthday?
He was accosted to his father's house for verification.
When are you going to Delhi ?
The little girl is sad.
She is still studying.
He eats fish and so do you.
He deals with boys properly
What man has done man can do.
John will go to the store after Mary arrives.
Go wherever you want to go.
He is a clever man, but unfortunately diffident of his powers.
These mangoes are almost ripe.
Fast and dependable, the airplane is ready for any emergency.
Are we waiting in the park?
Gopi, what are those?
It's an old coal-mining town.
Was Lucky tired ?
Children are admitted only if accompanied by an adult.
Nobody knows where.
There were hills near the village.
The boy or girl which were called.
I don't have much money with me.
I had played for two hours by that time.
Suhini used to come to meet her beloved every night.
I bought some mouth-watering strawberries.
He has written over 1,500 articles and 240 books.
Is she writing a poem?
He can't speak English fluently.
He scoffed with the idea of revolution.
The exact date of the birth of Buddha is unknown.
When did George give what to whom ?
He seems to have enjoyed his stay at Mahabaleshwar.
We are writing.
Pushpa and Geeta are always busy.
We expect him to help.
It happened with my bare hands.
Will my request not be accepted by them?
Where is the parking?
I quite agree with you.
Did you hear the news on the radio ?
I shall go at the beginning of June, 2008.
They wanted that we should accompany them.
Does she sing well ?
But Soomal restrained his sword.
He was disappointed, but he took heart and tried again.
What day is today ?
Will she see her father?
After that we came to Poona.
You have to come with me for walk.
He expects to get promotion soon.
He had some business to settle.
The house which my uncle built  cost him Rs. 50,000.
The Knight prayed that Saint George might strike for them and asked whether the false yeomen gave way.
There is a cow in the field.
You are playing tennis.
On hearing these words, she smiled.
He is speaking.
The Japanese feed chiefly on rice.
You may do as you please.
Elizabeth was Queen of England from 17 November 1558 until her death.
Where is Hindi-Sindhi conversation book available ?
I like to think I'm broad minded.
I borrowed your lawn mower, since you weren't using it.
They used to spread nets to catch fish which was sold by their women folk.
I am sure of it.
The farmer has not been sowing out the seeds.
My friend has two children, whom she loves very much.
But Rano silently used to go at evening on a fast camel to Ludhano.
How does she get to know her?
Whom did you give my letter ?
How are railways responsible for the swift decline of forests?
Have you written you exercise ?
They have pulled down the old house.
Ram loves mango so does Sita.
I do not speak English.
Do you have plenty of time?
How many post offices are in your city?
Has she been watching the match?
A pupil should obey his teacher.
How can you say every day is not Sunday?
I decline to say further.
Tennyson is not the greatest of all poets.
Do you want tea, coffee, or espresso?
He worked hard.
they are praised by their teacher.
They do not plant trees.
Does the bird fly in the air ?
I met a little cottage girl.
Give rice and milo in these big bags.
Raju was going to Bombay.
She never thought of his loving her.
He would make a better engineer than lawyer.
Who is the oldest man in your village ?
He is tired of being called.
He discussed over the matter.
The boys jumped over the wall.
Will the roll number have been called before I reach the school?
By way of introduction, he made some pertinent remarks.
He gained from Heaven (it was all he wished) a friend.
In this way, they came closer.
And if you wrong us, shall we not have revenge ?
What does he lead?
Did I get up early?
I was surprised.
The accountant and the cashier is absconded.
Please carry my luggage to the room.
She may be sleeping.
Are you going ?
I overheard all his remarks.
I need to mail this package to New York, please.
Speaking of money, have you paid the utility bill?
What does Demir think, who did Arifa see ?
Right the wrong.
How is the weather is Mysore through out the year ?
Having completed our flying training, we went to the next base.
The toys' counter is on the second floor.
Delhi is a big city.
They enjoyed themselves.
Will he wait for you?
This very argument is wrong.
Listen to my advice: you go by train upto Khandwa.
When Caesar saw Brutus among the assassins, he covered his face with his gown.
He came before I left.
The night is long that never finds the day.
He seemed in the theatre.
Though the ant is small it is as intelligent as the elephant.
They both went down embracing each other under the water.
They felt sorry that they lost the match.
What time do you usually get up on Sundays?
I saw her every day.
He presumed to ignore my advice.
I am fond of reading novels.
Who does not know the owl ?
Ramesh has roamed Kolkata.
What are your popular folk dances ?
This is the needle with which she knits.
They will come with us.
All are fine.
How did you find this play ?
Do bears crap in the woods?
I am of low caste.
Take these five sarees.
As he has lived so will he die.
"
He was very grieved to receive it.
He asked me whether either of the applicants was suitable.
What is the daily room rate?
Giving is better than receiving.
Do me a favor.
There were three people arrested.
What does she buy?
How can this work be done ?
He ran away after taking that.
How did you come by his purse?
They are preparing for that.
You can teach.
Will your advice certainly guide me?
Running is very good for health.
Before long, he will be appointed to a higher post.
She works as a teacher.
The concert went off well.
How many sums have we solved?
It was just on this spot that he died.
She wants medical advice.
We shall go there at 5 O' clock.
He reads.
If we meet at 9:30, we will have plenty of time.
A bird sans feathers
I work in the university.
No, said the child, "I won"t kneel, for if I do, I shall spoil my new breeches."
I shall be coming there.
He did not go to his in-laws yesterday.
He must work very hard, or he will not win the first prize.
They will plant trees.
Why does he beat ?
Truly, a most ingenious device !
Rama's intelligence is superior to Hari's.
What kind of person was Evans?
All I want is peace and quite.
12 companies ordered to shut down indefinitely.
Ram polished the table and Ravi put the book on it.
Rich as he is, one would scarcely envy him.
Where is this village ?
The notebook should be submitted.
My daughter washes her hair twice a week.
I'll tell you all about it if you have the time.
I had told them that you were coming.
This proved that the man had stolen the horse.
Soon after, I heard that he had died.
He had no leisure to see visitors.
How did she find out these details?
Bring me a glass of milk, said the swami to the villagers.
Oh, I feel suffocated in this house !
Because you called me, I am here.
They chose him their leader.
Your knife is sharp, but mine is sharper.
Going out is prohibited.
Ram called the child's name.
I helped the girl.
Remember how to do it.
Hearing the noise, he ran to the window.
Ulhasnagar is also known as Sindhunagar.
You probably wanted some book of mine.
I must stay here, for such is my duty.
The wind being favorable, they embraced.
We were glad to see him.
He divided it equally between them by his will.
I want you to stay a little longer.
The ship sank rapidly.
Are you feeling very hungry?
You can join either the army or the navy.
How many hands she have ?
How many medicines should you take?
Does he know that you love him ?
We are employees of the same company.
There was our oral test today.
To make certain of getting a place you must apply early.
Will Katy spend a lot of money?
They are playing cards.
He broke off in the middle of his story.
Do not you like pizza?
He asked Rama to go with him.
Can you feel about it?
They were floating in the river.
You ask a question.
He called here a few minutes ago.
You speak.
Ralph stood on his head and fell over.
I am thankful to you.
Ravi didn't beat Ram.
The boy was drowning.
Have you introduced him ?
They choose Mr. Malik to be their chairman.
The cage contains a tiger.
The accused confessed his guilt.
He believes their success to be certain in that case.
We have had no gas since the strike began.
There should be four rooms.
They did not thank their mum.
He hid himself in the bathroom.
He got up early.
She is younger than me.
I don't recall seeing her there.
Will my clothes get wet if it rains?
Will you not forget it ?
Beth bought the doll for Mary.
The coolies belonged to a tribe dwelling in the hills.
He turned the car round and drove back again.
They all gave evidence against one another.
I have got to be there by six o’clock.
It was the best film that I've ever seen.
You like Ravi a lot, don't you?
John believes that he is the best.
I don't drink wine.
Rama ordered Arjun to go away.
He said I might go.
I was so tired that I couldn't walk any further.
Peter has been working since the morning.
How is Mukesh’s attitude to his situation different from that of his family?
Fiona has been visiting her grandma.
Homna says new things every other day.
The mouse rejoiced in his good fortune.
I am going to Mysore after two days.
Will they be spending this summer at Manali?
Jane broke her arm while fighting.
He was greater than Aurangjeb.
We have come here from the invitation of Education Ministry.
Can you pull it more?
He has drawn a wrong inference.
We taught him Sindhi.
It was a good film, wasn't it?
I met all the boys yesterday.
He does not have a Sindhi dictionary.
Yesterday I read a book which was written by Hemingway.
The book is being sent.
I struck him because he ventured to obstruct my path.
Would you have cake ?
I am you king I will be your leader."
I will show him the play.
We didn't know how we would cope once the money had gone.
The boy should study Hindi.
He said that we are all sinners.
We are ready.
I know there is a rupee in your hand.
His master called for an explanation of his conduct.
Having finished breakfast, I went to the office.
He has got long leave.
I have read the book through.
How many subjects are in the 10th class?
We are learning Sindhi .
Excuse me?
Sonu goes home every Monday.
The teacher said to him, "Do not read so fast."
On their vacation, the Smiths golfed and swam everyday.
Don't use obscene language
I just won 500 dollars!
Standing about in a cold wet wind did me no good.
A one room set house will be enough for him for a while.
Meera is going Jaipur today.
When did he leave ?
But perhaps you don’t know where Ujjain is.
He bought his parents a car
What you say is neither here nor there.
He despaired of my success.
He made a hole in the wall.
This is my house.
I like the little pedlar who has a crooked nose.
John and Bill both read Moby Dick.
He could talk for hours together.
I have taken education till secondary.
He is too fat to run.
I visited his garden.
I promised that I would give him a jar of wine.
Will you go to Jaipur or Udaipur tomorrow night ?
Does Ram not eat rice ?
They bought oranges.
Why is she in such a bad mood today?
I like Bombay.
That's all the news there is for now.
Does he watch the game?
Does she like music ?
You tell names of the twelve months.
How do you think he would have dealt with the problem if he had had the chance to do so ?
The insolvent's property was sold by the official Assignee.
The porter opened the gate.
The thief broke the safe open.
Did you find the money which you lost?
There are two ways of doing the sum, but this one is the easiest.
Did he work ?
Ila saw Anil.
Is he eating an apple?
Has Cindy taken a book?
He ate sweets.
Venu came late.
How is the preservation of memory important in our personal lives?
How does it affect your late coming?
Be careful in your diet, you will be healthy.
Ram who has to be rich once is now poor.
Who knows Music ?
Anil sells elephants and horses.
What do you know he did ?
He became quie famous due to his musical abilities.
The stable door was open.
Neither answer is correct.
When I saw the child it was crying.
Sorry that I cannot work according to you.
Isn’t Karim reciting a poem?
I may not come for this marriage.
I don't have even a red cent.
A cup of tea !
What plot has the narrator found for his next story?
Marcel understands the importance of attending class regularly.
Who is your favourite singer ?
As of now, you are no longer welcome in my house.
Students have little or no choice in the matter.
I should have liked to go.
That is the Red Fort.
Is this a dagger that I see before me ?
I would like to invite you to my house for a feast.
A girl is talking to Tom.
Everyone at home must be drinking tea at this moment.
Will you play there?
My wish is that I may please you.
I wear warm clothes.
Does Ram love Sita or Geeta ?
Some students like to study in the mornings.
Had we lost the game?
To think of our meeting here!
The old man looks happy today.
Ram married Sita.
I will buy it, cost what is may.
That will be the day.
Can I take this bag with me ?
He was not able to give a satisfactory explanation for his absence.
As per the social norms of that time she had to leave her education.
He succeeded by these means in passing the examination.
In which institution do you work ?
How many birds had sitten on the tree?
How you have grown !
That the pig had been stolen surprised Jeeves.
You have come after a long time.
The child began to cry when he saw the dog.
Will Ram marry Sita ?
He could not give any away.
They speak.
If he had known, he would have told you.
If you had been, what would you have done?
She asked me when you had gone.
How does the poet define Jennifer’s Tigers?
You brought them.
You can go to market.
What does the maternal cousin sister mean ?
How many schools do you know?
There she is, coming round the corner.
The hungry lion roars.
Ashley and her friend climb a tree.
Antibiotics are the usual treatment  .
Though the sky falls, he will not be frightened.
She gave up all her ornaments.
He had been washing the car.
He would have gone for a visit.
Owing to ill-health he could not run.
Six hundred are too much.
John was so very happy.
How many industries are you about to build?
Are you going to school ?
He ate a mango.
He has a lot of faults, nevertheless I admire him very much.
Children enjoy playing alongside each other.
He built a house.
How do you do?
How many people do hard work?
After some time he started talking about his children’s education.
He said, "The horse died in the night."
The portrait was painted by a famous artist who flourished in the sixteenth century.
We lived in Hyderabad.
How many rooms are separate?
I am not in your way.
What is the main subject of all three periods.
Did you see anybody there ?
I consider him to be honest.
The job was exciting.
She does not walk home.
Please show receipt.
Didn't you go home ?
Ram made a mistake.
A few days before his death, he made a clean breast of everything connected with that affair.
Maher respects his teacher and Omar too but not Zayd.
His friends look up to him.
If you wish I will bring some jewels that are brighter than the moon, and you can play with them.
Three girls are in the sandbox.
What is the name of his teacher ?
He must water them.
The bus has already left?
When he got in the morning he saw Kounru on his side.
I wish I understood economics.
What does he keep on reading?
That is a private school.
Sahba is more intelligent; she should get the scholarship.
Lincoln emancipated four million African slaves.
If I had a lot of money, I would travel around the world.
You were not here.
Children are eating mangoes.
Where have you sold your book?
Yesterday an European called at my office.
We prohibit smoking.
He could afford to lose something, but he lost somewhat more.
The students are working very well since Monday.
Now you go and sleep.
Please let me know how many coming, if any.
What type of social services they do ?
I need to see a doctor.
You walk very fast.
More people arrived than we expected people would arrive.
The students who are most successful are usually the ones who come to all the classes.
Delhi, Rama, Africa, African, Shakespearian.
Suresh perhaps meets Ramesh every day.
It is said that death cannot kill love.
He turns around.
Will he have got out of bed before the sun rises?
Although Denise had some doubts, she found the courses very useful.
A new intellectual component has been added to the complex mix of tourism.
He does not speak to me.
Did you have breakfast this morning ?
Children like playing.
Shaunak felt a great love for the cat.
There were just two hours for the guests to arrive within that time Sudha got the whole meal ready.
If she wants anything, she need only ask.
Your sister cooks well, doesn't she ?
Chocolate is delicious.
Let you and me do it.
Is there any Sindhi program airing on the radio ?
You were a clerk.
Who has been hiding the truth?
Ian has lost a camera and Stephen has a camera
No one would have be in the same condition in which I was.
The new windows are in keeping with the colonial style of the house.
His ideas reflected the influence of progressive thinkers.
How much do you know about the English language ?
John built the house on my property.
Savita will go to Banaras for the holidays.
Beejal realized that these intestines had dried with the passage of time.
John allowed the meeting to last from noon to night.
I had written letters.
You had better hold your tongue.
Will you start a school?
I have to give it to a Sindhi friend on his birthday.
I am doing it with eyes open.
Are we nearly there, Dad ?
Did I work?
A word fitly spoken is like apples of gold in pictures of silver.
Carol picked up her books.
What is the highest mountain in the United Kingdom?
You helped me.
They say he is arriving here.
I have read the book.
The days are hot during the month of summers and it rains a little in the month of July-August in Sindh.
She is Telugu, and that is Sushila kapoor
Eric has not forgotten his homework.
Will a book be bought tomorrow by him?
He looked as if he were about to fall.
The boy was praised by the teacher.
She will be working.
Had she kissed her boyfriend?
Entering the room, I saw a toy.
After the partition for some period, we lived in Kalyan.
Ram taught him to help him succeed.
He helped me to carry the box.
It is nothing.
There three things to do to be a successful student.
I think yours is a better plan.
Ram hung his shirt on the door.
He was as good as his word.
Radha is tall.
Riches do many things.
Suresh had to go office early.
Anu knows what to do ?
She got sick the day before.
Meena was waiting for Saturday.
He bought a huge house.
Which animal has tusks and a trunk?
Novel is one of the major and beautiful branches of Literature.
Do you know the time when the Punjab Mail arrives?
What does your wife do ?
The stranger is welcomed as such.
Antibiotic ointments do not help .
I have spoken to him already.
There he killed his prey.
No, I don't know.
The books that you were asking about are not available anymore.
You are joking.
Does she plan to go overseas?
They were a people whom it was not advisable to excite.
Soni watched a movie on T.V. today.
She wrote the letter and mailed it.
Ram went to Shyam's house.
I have kept the picture of lord Jhulelal at home.
Ravi ate bread.
What happened?
The dog and the cat howled and yowled, respectively.
How many women do live at home?
You can speak in Sindhi.
The child appears pleased.
What is the speaker saying?
He may feel satisfied.
Don't make a noise.
As I am poor, I am not dihonest.
Yes, there is no doubt about it.
Shushma dressed Sumita in her saree.
She was also equally attracted to him.
I needn't to see him, so I sent a letter.
You have been thirsty.
He forsook his dishonest ways.
The food is delicious.
Please recite what you have learned.
Which picture did Henry paint, the left one or the right one?
The pigeon flies swiftly.
Be brave!
He had a daughter named Kounru.
Did you explain why she did not return this term?
Geeta will go to watch a movie.
Were I your teacher, I would insist you try harder.
They're not doing very well, are they?
She delights me.
You come tomorrow at 11 a.m.
He is my neighbour.
Will he certainly help me?
I have no advice that I can offer you.
We wanted to ask something about you only.
Be good and you will be happy.
I will succeed or die in the attempt.
She was tidying her room.
India has been independent since 1947.
The shoes my grandma bought for me are too big.
With whatever luxuries a bachelor may be surrounded, he will always find his happiness incomplete, unless he has a wife and children.
Which is the younger, Rita, Gita or you ?
He gifted a cow before he died.
I was reading a Sindhi book.
She arrived here yesterday.
A city that is set on a hill cannot be hid.
I have to go to Bombay.
He was a brilliant boy.
Men who have risen by their own exertions are always respected.
He sells oranges.
Can you quite the class?
Ram did his homework and exercise.
He is not proud of his wealth.
I have been sitting here since two o’clock, there is no sign of the doctor.
He betrayed his country, and this was to his eternal disgrace.
He will give you money.
The elders of the clan were not unanimous in choice of the successor to Bhungar.
Sir, the luggage is heavy, please help me lift it.
The committee are divided on one minor point.
I want him friendly to her.
Ram is a regular user of the library.
I am the person that is to blame.
And then what happened?
He lay under that pipal-tree.
Alladin said to the magician, "What have I done to deserve so severe a blow?"
One makes progress with his own his own hard work and not through recommendation.
Should you speak English when you go to India ?
Rama and Karim are nearly related.
Did the man, who I know, like this book ?
The teacher is not testing our English.
The policeman enquired where we were going.
The boy's uniform is new.
How does nicotine produce toxic effect?
Ravi got beaten willingly.
I want a computer for my birthday.
Wherever he preached the people gathered to listen.
Will she recover by and by?
It is a very good sign.
Give the dog a bone.
Will he be the next PM of India?
Mr. Brown lives here.
She is honest but lazy.
I will take tea.
I might not go there.
The boy who stood first got the prize.
Can he abuse me?
The early bird catches the worm.
George Michael is a brilliant lyricist.
The master is nearly blind and the boys are sorry for him.
Virtue and vice offer themselves for your choice;
Saint Kawarram was born in 1885 in the village of Sindh knowns as Jarwarni.
Harry Potter is the boy who lived.
Where are you these days ?
We do not know about it.
She won't laugh, but he will laugh.
Will  the child have been slept before its mother comes
May is hotter here than any other month.
I left the island in a light heart.
Nangar tried to negotiate peace with Sultan Allaudin.
Will you entrust me with that letter?
Who broke the glass?
Few cats like cold water.
We would like to have been working here.
He went away without leave.
Ila bought Anu's old book from Ram.
One day her sister in law replaced the baked pitcher by an unbaked pitcher.
I did not open the window, it opened by itself.
How did Valli plan her bus ride?
The Washerman is washing clothes.
Please put out the light.
I am ill.
What were you doing ?
This convinced everyone.
Did he not save you from drowning?
What is in a cigarette makes the people addicted to it?
Kapila was looking for her book.
Will you play ?
I cannot give you any money for I have none.
A memory problem is serious when it affects your daily living  .
I didn't do the homework.
He did not strike his horse.
Have you got few potatoes left ?
I rate her above most other players of her age.
Could you make any more noise?
My parents expected so much of me.
We opened the window.
What is he doing there?
Without effort nothing can be gained.
She does not phone a friend.
How does Jo want the wizard to behave when Mommy approached him?
How did the wizard help Roger skunk?
He ate his meal greedily, giving us full view of his bad manners.
He ate the old bone.
To tell the truth, I quite forgot my promise.
The ruffians stole the cattle of the villagers.
I get a headache if I sit in the sun.
But now we are not there.
That bunglow is very huge.
He went to the house that he might leave a message.
Why did Harish have come from Kanpur ?
The team lost the game.
I had only twelve dollars, but I was able to get a good shirt for that much.
Those people came with me upto the station.
The dewdrops glitter in the sunshine.
Which of them is the taller?
I am not afraid of it.
My sister lives in Dubai.
I have no time.
You need some help.
He has spent his life in Kolkata.
Which boy came ?
Don't talk in an uncivilised way.
How do I get to your house?
What does the mirror reflect on when it is not looking at the woman?
Learning to keep quiet was his most difficult job.
His parents named him Hari.
I see you know a thing or two.
What Saint Kawarram used to do in villages and cities ?
Last night a man came to see you.
She exchanged it for the love of Chanesar.
I am in third year.
Tell me what it is.
He said, “Oh, that’s a nuisance.”
I am not working.
There was a great exhibition on the other side.
Ravi and Radha are engaged.
Such a big house.
He found himself getting weaker and weaker so he consulted a doctor.
He looks down upon his poor cousins.
Will you get this letter posted?
Ravi will eat a banana.
How many members are in your family ?
He is my elder brother.
Where do you have pain ?
He made strings from them for his instrument.
Ravi was beaten.
He is going towards the tree.
How much knowledge’s do you have?
He has one aunt.
Does Louis throw the ball?
You will be working.
I told him many times but he had a football match of his college.
You are outside.
If it rains, we will get wet.
Geeta read the novel.
Ranjan is in the reading room.
I saw him to do it.
The sea being smooth, we went for sail.
Iron is a solid.
The next six months will be the hardest.
They are not going to call us.
It will be beneficial for the boys of our class.
He seems tired.
How many neighbors are in their street?
Rama said to Arjun, "Go away."
What a beautiful dress she is wearing !
Go and sit on your bench.
Will you attend the ceremony?
Some say he is a sharper.
I am reading a lesson.
Children should obey their parents.
The roads in this country is not good.
These birds have sweet voice.
There are some who I think are clever.
Which teams are playing today ?
I advise that you go to Apsara theatre.
I want to work in doordarshan.
He is the water-carrier.
I meant to repair the radio, but am not having time to do it today.
Who became the champion ?
Mary,about whom we were talking is bad.
Is that any better ?
They made him king.
When the sun set he returned home.
John had not been collecting money.
The prisoner was questioned.
Will it have been told to you by your companions?
I have not met him since Monday.
Store all your jewelry and money in some safe location before you leave on your trip.
Near the entry gate
John killed a cat with Jack and Pam did so with Bob.
Can I select one boy for Marry?
Although my cousin invited me, I chose not to go to the reunion.
Monster, by thee my child’s devoured !
He opened the letter with a knife.
Does he show you the picture?
The rebels held out for about a month.
A monk is a man.
Mohan beat the drum in the school.
It is false that money is the root of all evil.
I wouldn't get so angry with you if you got more work done.
They must work hard.
They are watching Sindhi play.
She can speak in Sindhi.
This is the nearest post office to my house.
She would be able to continuously amass wealth.
He had not learned to read and write.
He said that honesty is always the best policy.
How are you ?
The girl sitting next to Peter is my neighbor’s daughter.
He put off his departure for a week.
Does he come here ?
In how many scales Shah Abdul Latif's poems are divided ?
He has been working on and off several years to compile a dictionary.
I met Ravi yesterday.
He emigrated to Africa.
Had he bought a watch ?
To whom is a broadcaster responsible?
He started taking earthen ware on credit from Tula Kumbhar.
Mohan is eating rice.
The latest news from China is very disturbing.
How many bones are in our body?
We bought the cars which they rode in.
All possible means have been tired.
Then we have to get them distributed too.
The man walked home.
Leela has bartered one night of yours for a mere necklace.
Where has everybody gone ?
He went out to shoot the lion.
Advance directives can take many forms  .
Mohan came out of the house as soon as Ram called.
Which are your books?
When should I leave here?
War is terrible.
He has not got a computer.
Will you see Mr.sharma?
We tried to give some money to Rajat, Shekhar, Tara and Mona, but (they) all said that there was no need just now.
Now they must suffer punishment for their offence before their complaints could be heard.
She hurt herself.
I left without giving an explanation.
How many mobiles we have ?
I didn't see the book that Lisa bought
Don't get down from the moving train.
Accidentally the minister of Chanesar named Jakhro got engaged to a girl belonging to same village as Leela.
London is a very exciting city nevertheless it is also very expensive.
You should speak Hindi when you go to India.
A tiger has often been spotted in the fields at night.
Where does he want to travel?
The flowers which grow in the garden are beautiful.
The steamer was delayed by a storm.
I asked a policeman to direct me.
He suggested that I should leave at night.
How was the food tonight?
Sita burst out laughing.
She spent hardly any of the money.
Why does she lie ?
What do they do?
I did not know whether I should cry or laugh.
I am writing a letter.
Why is the train late ?
She will not be working.
I saw the boys who eat mangoes.
The meeting went from 2:00 to 4:00.
He refuses to answer the question.
Mother tried hard to persuade my uncle, but he did not stay.
This is the best that I can do.
The player ran fast.
I think that John will sell the pig.
The glass broke.
Jonathan has a little sister, whom he plays with all the time.
Will you lend me your book, please?
John ate rice with Marry.
Ravi enjoys throwing cold water on my plans.
Seeing, he believed.
Ila remembered the incident.
He signed a document called the Magna Carta.
We used to read in books that the Indian farmers are poor.
Everybody wishes to enjoy life.
That I saw you was a great pleasure.
He is too poor.
When does the accademic session start ?
You appear relaxed.  
What else is done ?
Who fixed the computer?
There are twenty boys in this class.
He had to go.
Mom must leave now.
I thank thee, Jew, for teaching me that word.
Smile !
He says he is unwell.
This scene is surpassingly beautiful.
He neither smokes nor drinks.
Come round when you're ready.
What are the timings of opening and closing monuments ?
Does she have enough money?
His eyes rounded with horror.
The patient is much better.
She was very ill.
She is honest, hardworking, and intelligent.
Can you think of some typical problems that confront Germans learning English?
I am going to get up early.
I went to Mumbai last year.
Does he play flute ?
We have a branch of our office there.
Will you become teacher?
Calmly and quickly, the driver put on the brakes in time to avoid and accident.
We will eat fish.
There is no meaning in what you say.
The British Parliament is composed of the houses.
Ila wrote a letter with a pencil.
He has no intention of leaving the city.
What kind of computer fascinate Michael and his dad?
John ate rice with curd.
You mustn't miss seeing him.
How many students are doing work?
There are apples.
Ram told that Meera had gone to Delhi.
Ravi got beaten.
John is rather lazy boy.
It is reported that our troops have won a victory.
The boy eats rice everyday.
He told his friends to push him down and pull him up when he tagged at the rope.
I recognized your voice at once.
What can I do for you today?
You also come with us.
Will you tell me everything?
The seed of love in the heart of Izzat Beg continued to grow and bloomed as strong as a tree.
We should work and not worry about the results.
Check the water level.
Each of the boys gets a prize.
This girl is going to office.
This is the best book.
I am ruined.
Which man do you wonder when they will appoint ?
What are we going to see first ?
I have read Bacon.
Tomorrow is my birthday.
Have they run races?
Does he know that hotel ?
I did not see you.
I could not find it anywhere.
The impression the region gives is still a rural one.
One needs to get up early in the morning.
The man who owns a huge castle is my uncle.
They learnt to right a capsized canoe.
I finished my work, but only because you helped me.
He has hardly any influence with the Vizier.
She was hardly to move.
You are, therefore, wrong.
Saint Kanwarram was selling boiled grams.
It seems that we are all going to be late.
John called up Mary.
She will come with him.
He went away by the train which leads to Varanasi.
I tell him to be quiet and he takes no notice.
I expect to meet opposition.
The horse ate grass.
Thus two loving hearts met each other and enjoyed their love.
At what time does the security check start ?
Ask the guard.
I don't know how is she now ?
Give me some food to eat.
It is surprising that he did not succeed.
They accomplished their mission.
There's a woman over there who I can't help noticing.
I never in my life laid a plan and failed to carry it out.
I own a red and a black car.
Flowers bloom in the spring.
Oscar bites his Banana and Bert does too.
I think Ram is going to marry Joseph.
I don't live here.
The teacher explains the lesson in front of the class.
I don’t often see my friend who lives there.
Will he be going?
The man in the picture was tall.
Which pen do you prefer ?
There are many ways to volunteer.
Many a man does not know his own good deeds.
Javier and his colleagues collaborated on the research article.
I don't like it.
It is to be hoped that he escaped unhurt.
Amit likes tea.
How would we stay there ?
Had she arrived earlier, I would have seen her.
School your temper!
The father fully described a large number of these to the teacher.
Which professor knows where Mary bought which book ?
Blast him !
Jo was the next oldest after Martin.
The boy came running.
Please don't come then.
This is generally true.
Which one is the longest river of here ?
We bothered you.
Can you ring the bell?
He returned home without any of the others.
When do you intend to pay me ?
Why has the campaign been so crazy?
Child was laughing.
I want John to go first.
John eats often chocolate.
The journey takes about six hours from here.
Today is Tuesday.
They went Bombay.
Only for two hours.
By whom was this jug broken ?
There have been three people arrested.
Clean-handed
Between you and me affairs look dark.
She hit the man with the umbrella.
How can I reach railway station ?
He cried with joy.
Shakuntalam is better than any other drama in Sanskrit.
Which is the cheaper of the two ?
Chhola Bhatura are ready.
Napoleon was one of the greatest of generals.
He did not carry out his teacher's orders.
The attack might be launched at any time, so you must be on the alert.
Father is now alright.
He has been working for two hours.
Was the dog barking ?
Have you completed your work?
Will you be calling?
Cricket is very uncertain.
It is my duty to do so.
Einstein, who was born in Germany, is famous for his theory of relativity.
Where will you go ?
Mohan is taller than Sohan.
Fall !
Can you come at my home?
Had she phoned a friend?
She is Punjabi
We invited him but he did not come.
Listen and I will tell you all.
He was admittedly clever, but he evidently lacked industry.
During that period Thar district used to be ruled by Soomras.
He keeps the necklace under lock and key.
Is he appreciating him?
How did Franz feel about Mr. Hamel and his school change?
It's a lovely day, isn't it?
Had the dog been barking?
Rufus fetched the ball.
You should also go there sometimes.
I was just thinking how my wife would be taking care of home, outside work, and the children also.
What is the news today ?
Shyam studies in the school.
They showed a video of 'The Titanic'.
The club chose Mr Sunder treasurer.
We had gone.
What money !
He is older than he looks.
Will the carpenters be working at this time?
Albert has been playing squash.
The chair which you have they have also the same.
I have been working since morning.
Both would pine for the company or even glimpse of each other.
We arrived at 9:00 o'clock.
Do you work much ?
Rama is a rather lazy boy.
But for his help, I could not have done it.
It is mind, after all, which does the work of the world.
How did Brutus interpret the dream?
Mohan informed Ram.
How, according to the author, can one avoid diseases?
Was I right yesterday ?
We have brought the oranges and apples.
Only he who bears the burden knows its weight.
They have not yet decided on which room to give her.
How many strangers will come to our India?
Ravi sings very loudly.
Many men who have not been trained to write become journalists.
A big monkey also cycled on the wire.
This tailor sews tunics well.
He lived in this beautiful house.
I treated business as a game.
When he threw the front tooth of swine into water it started receding.
Jack is the boy whom Jenny fell in love with.
Yes, many of us are interested in the proposal.
Nothing ever happens by chance.
Again a fierce battle ensued.
Did we chat in a forum?
He sank to the ground.
Where do you live? asked the stranger.
Take it.
How far is New-york from Las Vegas?
I cannot make out his handwriting.
He wished to become learned so he studied very well.
This cat has only one eye.
Praising all alike is praising none.
He was a great statesman.
In the time of Aurangzeb taxes were very high.
It was unfortunate that you were absent.
He was born somewhere.
I practice basketball.
He told me about Indian economy.
This is the boy whose exercise is done well.
What other food grains do you have on ration ?
Jack is the boy with whom Jenny fell in love.
We were not working.
Sally is working on Monday,she is working not on Tuesday.
What did you do ?
His uncle looks after him.
The boy reading a book is rich.
The boys made merry.
Something certainly fell in for I heard a splash.
One day Kounru dressed up in all her finery.
Have you heard the news?
All the generals of Allaudin refused to fight.
Put the jacket on him.
These are inferior in quality.
Do not make noise here.
He told me about cancer.
A few Americans have their offices in Kolkata.
Do the classes begin at 7 am ?
Hearing their father's footsteps the boys ran away.
I usually am free on Sundays.
Ram got Mohan make Sita laugh.
She's their only daughter.
Who remembers how Mary solved which problem ?
I need a Hindi-Sindhi dictionary.
He ate his breakfast then checked his emails.
If I am blunt, I am at least honest.
Tell the names of main saints and poets of 'Gyanmargi' poetry.
How many kind of food does she cook?
Are they sweet ?
Certainly you are wrong.
If you study well, you will pass.
When and how Saint kawarram died ?
You should also buy one for yourself.
The detectives have all read the letters in the garden shed after lunch.
This book costs rupees fifty.
He set aside the republic.
You can go to Ram garden for a visit.
What is there on the walls of the classroom?
It works.
Will the show start as soon as the chief guest arrives?
He is desirous of being praised.
He walks slowly.
I took money from him.
How cold you are !
How many children are quarreling?
Possibly it is as you say.
He said that his master was writing letters.
Mr Allen drinks coffee much of the time.
The man who bought all the books by Hemingway has died.
Let the order be given.
You must come to the office at nine tomorrow.
As the truth is known, further lying is useless.
Set it right.
I hope you can come tomorrow
I should hate to do such a thing.
Will you close the window please?
Whoever acts contrary to nature does not go unpunished.
Whose are these cattle ?
It is said that the love cannot be confined.
The 'h' in honest is silent 'as' in hour.
Look at those black clouds.
She sat by the cottage door.
Does he mind if he turn on the radio?
Rama works hard.
We gave money to charity in lieu of sending flowers to the funeral.
The dog's owner lives next door.
My work is almost complete.
A more extensive process would be necessary, covering a number of separate steps  .
He must feed them.
If you meet them, you will find them sociable.
My brother bought two cats.
This pony is better trained than yours.
How is your brother ?
Where does she belong to ?
We will be able to go.
He must excuse my being rather in a hurry.
Who did it ?
It was unfortunate that I overslept.
She turned over onto her front.
Does she make herself clear?
Which detective program is going on nowadays on the T.V. ?
She drank water.
Gareth will empty the bin.
Maher thinks that he is strong and Omar thinks that he is strong, but his father does not think that he is strong.
Wisdom is better than strength.
To escape them it would have been necessary to climb a tree and sit among the branches.
We walk for 5 KM.
He must have done his duty, for he is conscientious man.
It flowed in a stream under the door.
I think you are smoking too much, nowadays.
Ravi picked up the chair, and he took it to his bedroom.
He could not face the opposition of his caste fellows.
What does Thalia do before going to school?
Fill the empty bag of this seeker.
Wherever he sent, we went there.
Will you have some ice-cream ?
Will the publisher bring out your new book?
I opened the book.
In spite of all my advice he has done this foolish thing.
He said, "I shall go as soon as it is possible."
They were chatting seated on the veranda.
The President is kissing his wife.
She can help with the housework; Nancy can too.
I still have the book that you gave me.
Their heart would taste delicious.
At what time will this train reach to Bombay ?
Which side are you on?
He comes here once a year.
Can you close your shop in the night
We are reading a newspaper.
If you studied hard you would get a first class.
It was a dark night.
 I'm blunt.
That fact that he is older than me is not relevant.
A mistake occurred.
I have cavity in my tooth.
Let's go, eh?
It is worth seeing the film.
It is not known who has written this book.
Give me your phone number.
Why does he assure?
The news that the enemy landed spread the wild fire.
My sister that has been adopted by my uncle is ill.
Tom does not stay with Anny.
A reindeer is a native of Norway.
We will need the money on 15th.
Instead of talking, prove your worth by doing something.
He must advise and assign them to class.
They wished to discuss the terms of the employers.
Can I resign from this post?
Where is the bank?
There is little time for preparation.
He has beaten at his own game.
Did you buy this ?
My sister, who I live with, knows a lot about cars.
I was the man who they thought was dead.
What was the truth?
Lessons learned easily are soon forgotten.
The woman lying on the mat is perhaps asleep.
Sorath was forcibly married to him.
I had to fullest satisfaction.
What are you doing for these panchayats.
He keeps some fierce dogs.
The man has left who wanted to meet you.
Dan would arrive safe if he drove slowly.
How many members are in your family?
We met an old Sadhu walking to Varanasi.
Though you did not tell me any way to solve this, thanks anyway.
He made good his escape.
I heard that there were five Sindhi camps.
We ate sweets.
Ratan said that Suresh was angry with everyone.
Clean up your room.
John knows where Mary bought the book and Bill knows where she bought the pen.
She told Leela that she was not interested to sell this for any material gain.
Can you meet me in the college?
I could not even walk while coming back from the market.
Whose hat is that?
You should contact whoever made this reservation for you.
The teacher is checking our homework.
This work should be done by me.
Is it a matter to ask ?
Do not go before I come.
I do not believe what you say.
Which do you prefer, tea or coffee?
I saw a girl.
Miss Marple will read the letters in the garden shed this afternoon and John will do so too.
We don't want these vegetables
You have dressed up yourself beautifully as if you have won Chanesar.
He bought a car for his parents.
They are travelling Delhi.
It is open Monday through Friday.
Ram is eating an apple.
He is very honourable.
Give me your phone number
You don't mean to say so.
Rufus walks with vigor.
Soon her unbaked pitcher got disintegrated.
Where have they gone ?
And he found himself with face to face with Moomal.
He is little known outside his school.
I know the policeman who chased the thief.
Your comments are alarming.
Would you please help me with this ?
I would never feed my dog commercial dog food.
Where does Sita live ?
The dog was teased by the boy.
How does my mother give a pen to her ?
All desire wealth and some acquire it.
How many clients had come to your shop?
A pool in the courtyard, riverside terraces, a new houseboat , and Malabar Junction is one of Kerala's best restaurants.
What amazing news does Victoria bring as she comes downstairs?
To wander with wife.
Bombay mangoes are better than those of Bangalore.
I asked him the reason of his coming.
He was speaking in Sindhi.
I came right over when I heard the news.
The glue had set hard.
He listened everything while standing.
They have sheared the sheep.
He is not an honourable man.
She learns Marathi.
He wishes that he had bought a lottery ticket.
She had not been teaching in London.
He was again consigned to prison.
It doesn't rain much in summer.
Who did a lot of work ?
Had you been carrying a box?
Which pullover would you like?
He preserved.
Rama gave Hari a ball.
In the village of Maleer a shepherd named Palino used to live with his wife Maduee.
I consider John intelligent.
He has a chain which is made of gold.
The United States has a big navy.
He put himself in that cage.
The handsome boy ate his breakfast.
We made Tom behave well.
He quarrelled with me by a trifle.
He took my advice in good part.
His father replied that there might not be another that year.
Had the train left the station?
He asked me what I was doing.
When you heat water, it boils.
I saw a lion in the cage.
Little learning is a dangerous thing.
He got the ball moving.
Which one will you buy ?
Radha has written a letter to Gita.
I am not going to Japan.
How many farmers are in your field?
We cannot start while it is raining.
Ram has to get up early in the morning.
The policeman who chased the thief was tall.
John thinks that Mary likes him.
John attacked him.
They came with you.
I graduated from university in the summer.
If Mohan would not go to work then how the house would run.
We try to find an easy solution for them.
Boys dance.
You have two days and I have three days !
While Phoghsen hid behind the trees.
You are in seventh standard.
That argument will not hold water.
It was difficult to identify the exact spot.
In future I shall charge you for medical advice.
He married for money.
Of the two novels, this is the more interesting.
A girl whom Ravi thinks everyone will choose.
I have to go to the musical concert.
Was Melisa at home last night ?
In it there were some beautiful rose-trees.
He performs kindly actions.
He said that the earth moves round the sun.
He has sent a gift.
Did she pass the test?
I always love my country.
You can read your favourite book here.
He consoled the unfortunate mother as best he might.
You lent me the book.
They are not working hard
Fiona had not visited her grandma.
What has been the result of rapid increase of human populations?
I study in a school.
The mob dispersed.
Her proposal can’t be accepted.
I do not know the man who hit the boy.
Some Ganges should flow from this Himalaya.
He ran.
Can you weep for 2 hours?
I want some books.
Accommodation in Australia is divided into categories based on facilities and location.
The book is new.
But she could not say anything to her brother.
Dogs soon know the persons by whom they are kindly treated.
Does Meenu read at home ?
I swim better than him.
He failed because he was so rash.
Will they start business?
You have to come with me.
How can I drive away the mother, who bore me and nourished me ?
With which pen would you recommend writing ?
I have gone to him.
I do not know.
You seem out of spirits.
What a contrast to his brother !
The job which she applied for is well paid.
John knows German.
He waited.
That's why my hands are so dirty.
Which is your good doll?
Shakespeare is better than any other English poet.
You have to be so careful when you’re driving.
The wind was cold.
He taught me to read Persian.
This man is an utter fool.
What else did he say.
Will he be the prime minister?
He fell down.
I have been invited to the party.
He brought the ship about.
Was there hot at the beach yesterday ?
That is the same man that we saw yesterday.
On account of his age he is disqualified for competing.
If I had known her telephone number, I would have called her.
Madam, I am not from a city.
Who can doubt the truth of his statement ?
Wasn"t he working?
How many people would come to my party?
There were many shops in a big ground.
John's brother invited him.
Sita does not bathe everyday.
I used to sleep late.
Neither praise nor blame seems to affect him.
John thought that Mary loved him.
Will she have been laughed at by your friend?
Will he return it whenever you want?
John, who is my cousin, is a diligent boy.
Vinod is taking information from father.
Has she not eaten ?
My hands are hurting because of writing continuously.
I arrived yesterday at 2 O' clock.
 I didn't mean that.
He was stripped of his Soviet citizenship.
The girls who are standing are tall.
Tell me the news as you have heard.
Hey, look at that!
The evil that men do lives after them.
This is as good as that, if not better.
I didn't like it.
How had she helped the narrator in the past?
We’ll have to run to catch it.
Success attends hard work.
Which kid knows which teacher is nice ?
We used to hang around this market during our school days.
He visits me off and on.
When villagers came to know of this they refused to marry their daughter to Jakhro.
Have you typed the letter?
Sheela, which is the country in the east of india ?
He has many plans for earning money quickly.
The man who you wished to see is here.
That would be worse than death.
It was not the only battle in which they were beaten.
I decided to wait till Sunday.
Silver is lighter than gold.
We were prevented from seeing the prisoner.
My sister, who went to school in Albany, is a nurse.
These were my orders to him.
I'll be back in a little while.
If he had won the race, he would have been celebrating  three days in a row.
Water was flowing.
The man, being very hungry, ate too much.
I have some duties to perform.
The woman whose car is a BMW is coming tonight.
What does she like about her ?
They heard Mary leave.
Jake was fixing the car in the middle of the street.
John will come next year, Sam this year.
How can I love you ?
He will promote you sooner or later accordingly.
Elizabeth knew how to inspire her soldiers for hope.
When did the Indian government include Sindhi language in constitution ?
Are all universities got approval from government ?
How is smoking the major cause of mortality?
Sukant is a doctor.
His actions are impossible to justify.
The elders also sang some song.
Not a word was spoken by Latif.
He can speak in Sindhi.
This is a duster
Why does he open the door?
The girl whom I watched a movie with came to visit.
I read the book long ago.
As fast as he could, the boy ate the pizza.
Peter has read the book.
It is still good.
There is a superintendent in the office.
Having felt hungry, Ramesh ate a meal.
I was not given a hearing.
But Beejal refused to everything.
It is bad to borrow money.
We had no electricity during the storm, so we had to use candles.
Winter is approaching, the days are becoming shorter.
Mary wanted herself to win the race.
Do come and help me choose it.
The rules forbid passengers to cross the railway line.
It is not very far from here.
His uncle was a millionaire.
Sarita came out of the house.
That's not new, I know it for ages!
I was flying a kite.
What does he grind?
What is John eating ?
What time did the train leave ?
The ship sustained heavy damage.
A cruise along the Vembanad Lake is the best way to experience the sanctuary.
Safe place for kids and sick people.
Sunday is the first day of the week.
Will this time suit you?
If they worked harder on the job, they might get a promotion.
They are not working.
Don't show too much patronage towards him.
Did he not take a part in games?
Ram was angry.
It is a good film.
She used to return before dawn and hide her pitcher.
He forgets his old friends.
Ashok is better than Amit.
They bought apples.
How often do you go dancing ?
He sings very loud.
Things are no better at present.
It was so small I could not see it.
I have to get massage.
Puris will be eaten.
He wants to grow up honest, healthy and clever.
I keep the fellow at arm's length.
Annirai heard about the unmatched beauty of Sorath.
Where did Deepak's friend use to work earlier ?
The crow began to sing.
Mr. Smith is the eldest teacher in the school.
The sea is very stormy.
No one had cross-referenced the forms before.
Does he go to school?
The little girl whose doll was lost is sad.
We must leave this spot immediately.
He did not see her till a few days ago.
My crush smiles at me.
He dearly loved his wife.
Will you teach me ?
Oh no, you have broken a cup again !
Could he have made the mistake ?
Chanesar was quite puzzled.
I hurt my knee yesterday.
How can they be overcome?
Even that is not the matter.
The operation was accompanied with little or no pain.
It was kind of scary, like.
She promised to help him.
The mangoes are not expensive.
How did you find that out ?
The Inspector found the man innocent.
Soon thereafter King returned from his journey.
How many sisters does he have ?
His secretary is absent.
The man looked anxiously for the next monsoon.
The dog bit the horse.
Indian tea is the best tea.
I want to see movie.
Although he was bred with the law, he became a successful journalist.
I was reading.
His partner died, and this added to his difficulties.
What is he?
Your car differs from mine in several respects.
I will sit on my desk to do my lesson.
Put on the jacket.
Rajni voted for an independent candidate and Sunil did so, too.
Is this box heavy or light ?
What does John think, what Anu will say, who will Mary talk to ?
Who wrote 'Gitanjali' ?
Ravi had no mercy at all.
Mary watched TV.
You can't be good at sports if you smoke a lot.
He meddled with the record.
Let me serve him a car.
Come here immediately.
My bicycle, which I've had for more than ten years, is falling apart.
He always does it beautifully.
He cannot afford a motor-car.
I shall be there from 7.00 a.m. to 9.00 a.m.
He told me a secret.
Can a man live whose soul is dead ?
What Saint Kawarram used to do for his own livelihood ?
There are many books in my house.
Hari's father is an engineer.
It usually goes to Peshawar.
The body was very cold.
He is standing.
The stories in that book are full of interest.
She seemed a little afraid of going inside.
I spent two days in Cox's Bazar.
John wrote a poem.
Please stop this nonsense and give answers to my questions.
May I come in ?
You are not going to visit the castle.
He has a knack of doing it.
He left the door open.
What is most important in your life?
Inquiries were made.
He should abdicate and give him the crown.
There is little hope of his recovery.
Cats are tenacious to life.
Her general knowledge is amazing.
They teach Sindhi.
I have two working servants.
May God keep you safe.
I find the British legal system extremely complicated.
I could not do my work satisfactorily.
I moved my books on the top shelf so that my child could not touch them.
What is your age ?
Couldn't you come on time ?
I went to Mumbai, and Ravi went to Lucknow.
Whose field is that ?
While there is a life there is a hope.
Are there private schools in your state?
How much money does it charge for one minute talking ?
I raised my hand to ask a question.
I don't know yet.
The boys had not finished the game by sunset.
His father was anxious for his safety.
Everybody but Govind was present.
It is my room.
Even then you do not like a single saree.
The foolish crocodile believed monkeys's story.
Really, it is a mini Japan.
Does he want to vie with me?
It is strange that he should have behaved like that.
I have sold my bicycle.
A cross child is not liked.
Whose role can he play ?
I want an ice cream.
What precautions should the climbers take during their journey?
John said on Friday he was coming.
Feeling out of sorts, he went to bed.
Was Seema hit by a car ?
I ate oranges.
He haughtily left her.
It took me five hours to get here.
They are either our friends or our enemies.
She doesn’t have any money.
Who are the main four pillars of ancient reign ?
Sakhar barrage is also known as 'Loyds Barrage'.
What does she want to spread massage in mobile?
How would they know that I am all pure ?
To work is to human, to reward is to God.
How many houses are being constructed?
Young people buy computers not only to do school work but also to play games.
Beth relinquished the doll.
India is larger than any other democracy in the world.
Shakuntala was written by Kalidas.
The manager is out, and his secretary is absent.
I determined to increase my salary by managing a little farm.
It was all that I had.
You may go.
All is fair in love and war.
He saw there the reflected image of the meat.
Honest man speaks the truth.
Few persons keep secret.
Rano could see through this disguise.
My sister doesn't like films.
Tyrannosaurus Rex was carnivorous.
Give over this foolish attempt.
They had their ups and down of fortune.
Ah, that feels good.
We had given her an apple.
He always helped me when I was in New Delhi.
We can buy fan.
It is quite warm, isn't it?
All of them have failed.
I wish I could go with you!
The man who smoked forty cigarettes a day died of a heart attack.
Abdul swims very well indeed.
I don't know Telugu.
People, who live in glass houses must not throw stones.
He has always been to blame for the failure.
I wrote that I would visit him next day.
He wanted to satisfy his curiosity and visit India.
Mother will never agree.
If you do this, you will be punished.
Here’s where he went in.
That man is a merchant.
Was he very busy yesterday ?
Whenever you go to India, speak Hindi.
The boy ran as fast as he could.
I am very strict.
He is studying hard, that he may become learned.
The treaty of Salbai should be remembered as one of the landmarks in the history of India.
He worked hard so that he might win the prize.
Be that as it may
Please bring chicken soup for me.
Why does she escape by trick?
What does Mrs. Slater bring down?
The people heard of it.
She married unfortunately and she should have stayed single.
He will succeed, you, never.
Do they collect postcards?
Will you get Rs.100?
You are learning Gujarati.
The book which you have I have also the same.
It is probable that he will come back.
We returned down the valley of Jumna.
They speak Punjabi at home.
She asked him for some water.
She is beautiful.
Give me a glass of water from the earthen pot.
There was a brick wall between the cells.
I am Gujarati
How is your health now ?
I want to drink something.
Only graduates are eligible for the post.
Often a lie has cost a life.
The boys picked burgers, and the girls chose chicken sandwiches.
If she notices, she never says so.
Don’t play the fool.
He is a poet whose works are widely known.
Ellora.
I had not sent the postcard.
Mother called the children in.
He will succeed.
There was a fan in the room.
Sheela's two friends came with us.
The postman will be coming soon.
People can understand each other through languages only.
My sister called me.
Cocks crow in the morning.
The ones who lose out in this deal, as per usual, are the poor.
Which didn't Mary take home? 
The hotel that we stayed in was very expensive.
He swore from dawn till far into the night.
How did Mohan walk to Sohan's house with Ram last night ?
We got much loot.
Will you wait for me, or do you want to go ahead?
Where do you learn English ?
If elder sister comes in time, we will go together to see a movie.
I read the red books.
Did we drink tea?
Will Jeff and Linda cycle home?
Jakhro went back to his city.
What were you doing ?
What were we doing ?
Mohan eats rice.
John the Baptist was a spiritual descendant of Isaiah.
Would you pass the salt, please?
Saint Kanwar Ram attracted all with his devotional singing and dance.
I mean what I say.
Sushant reached Haridvar in just two hours.
You have succeeded better than you hoped.
Go left
Jill is eating.
The woman to whom you delivered the flowers makes the final hiring decisions.
Pension and Group schemes of the corporation, has surpassed the targeted premium of RS 1830 crore.
Leave your coat in the hall
The statesman and orator is dead.
Can this be true ?
He was only a yard off me.
A few hints on essay-writing are quite to the point.
Shall I go now ?
John is washing the dishes.
What are you thinking about?
This is tight for me.
This film is terrifying the children.
Rama was making a kite.
I am for this idea.
They will work.
To drive a car requires care and skill.
He did it and he was glad.
Are you asleep?
I shall not go unless I am invited.
For some days the boy kept quiet.
It seems ages to the Christmas holidays, when I shall be able to come home.
The old woman is dead.
He conducted himself madly to escape suspicion.
There are two stadia here.
Where is your book ?
Ram made Ravi cut the tree and Anil was beaten by Ram.
He is free from disease.
Do I answer the question?
Will the work have been done by you?
And who are those girls?
He is indebted to his friend for a large sum.
He is drunk.
On thus being free he again quickly rode to Ludano.
It is good for children to run about.
Being tired, he went to bed.
The Major said, "It gives me great pleasure to be here this evening."
How many students take interest in science?
He called to see my brother.
Annirai instead of being happy was horrified and scolded him.
Please switch off the T.V.
The horse which I recently bought is an Arab.
We will divide the numbers.
I have found the key to his secret.
Will you go to Lucknow today?
He distrusts his own sons.
The famous juggler and conjurer are too unwell to perform.
Hear him out, and you will understand him the better.
You have felt the pain.
He went far.
Which is the smallest religious community in India?
Ravi has been writing for two hours.
Kim seems not to like anchovies.
I could not understand the last word.
Ravi is a teacher.
She had been tidying her room.
I agreed with you.
Mr. Bannerjee loves teaching.
He had been taught.
He was employed by the African Association.
There were chairs in the room.
I set off for the village.
There are least one or two satisfied customers.
The result came in the newspaper today.
Which is he?
What is the name of this thing ?
And she was afraid that she might develop the taste of royal food.
If there is life there is hope.
What is it about you that makes you care for animals?
What hindered you from visiting the Museum ?
I had taken them in Australia.
He walked to the end of the street.
How many men do you know?
Did he criticise you?
It had many large doors.
You can buy it in all places.
They are not going to discover the treasure.
Amelie did not close the door.
I am searching for a house.
Does she earn money ?
I have never seen a tiger.
The population of London is greater than any city in India.
How do you make questions in English?
How can you say each of the boys gets a prize?
Girls came.
Will you finish the book?
We follow the leader.
I had decided to kill myself.
I was writing a letter.
It is easy for Mary to please John.
His need for me to please her.
He heard me talk about him.
If you had left that wasp alone it might not have stung you.
A decrease in hearing may also occur  .
Who is this year's chairwoman of the examination committee.
Had she watched the match?
Will you not come alone?
The moon as well as the stars was shining down on them.
We got cheated in this deal.
Will you forgive me?
What is it like to attend a top boarding school?
He succeeded although his success was not expected.
He always runs down his rivals.
The wind blows furiously.
Hari was walking.
I like it.
The man was killed with a hammer.
Mohan will learn Urdu.
The general, addressing his mutinous troops said, You have brought disgrace upon a famous regiment.
What is the matter of trouble ?
One who is coming here is our friend.
How many people have kept their word?
The Police Army fought the Germans for nearly five weeks.
Ram gave a carrot to Mohan.
We are not walking in the mountains.
Thankyou for pleasant evening.
If Sindhis earn, they spend also on charity.
We have helped them with money as well as a body of workers, all well-trained and experienced.
How many people were arrested?
The Sikhs fought very bravely.
He played exceedingly well in the match.
There were also many  crocodiles.
He had committed a disgraceful action.
I have not seen him since he was child.
What was the relationship between the guest and the mariner in the beginning?
He was only foolish.
John's analysis of the data was superfluous.
I'll go on the 7.30 bus.
Are they here or gone ?
A boy was running fast.
You came with him.
I have good sweet limes also.
I stopped believing in Santa Claus when my mother took me to see him in a department store, and he asked for my autograph.
I live in village.
He will tell me everything.
I have told you all.
What does John know ?
Mahatma Gandhi was born in Porbandar.
The soldiers ran to defend the outer wall.
She had a difficult childhood because her father died when she was very young.
God help those who help themselves.
Dad mowed the lawn even though he is allergic to grass, and Mom baked some banana bread even though she despises the smell of bananas.
Hate welled up inside him as he thought of the two of them together.
She had only one hope.
AM/FM radio.
I watched a film last night.
Alice said, 'How clever I am!'
He was all right only he was fatigued.
The Elephant King replied, "Declare your errand."
Amy reached the house just as it started to snow.
I want to buy a watch.
Where are you off to?
I have come.
I hear rumours about Laxman.
Is Kim still alive ?
Of two evils choose the less.
This is good.
About whom are you talking ?
I gave an answer.
He is an old pupil of mine.
He went with Ram.
The summer in which I graduated was long and hot.
Sachin Tendulkar is the best batsman in the world.
Will the patient have died before the Doctor arrives?
He did not marry her because he loved her.
He then found his mane useless and of no avail.
Where is my book ?
The child is fond of sweets.
As soon as he received the telegram, he left in taxi.
I love him.
Chanesar did not know anything about this.
She came to our house.
Where do you live ?
He may slay me.
Did you get to know her ?
The road was lined with people.
Yesterday John saw Mary's older sister in her car.
John having finished his homework, his father said he could go to the cinema.
Would he work harder?
We believe that he is innocent.
No, She cannot come now.
She had an older brother who was in the army.
Which of these books is yours?
Do you want tea, coffee, or espresso?
Will the traveller have reached the station before the train starts?
The Commons passed the bill, but the Lords threw it out.
We can write.
I do like.
Ram remembered and liked the story.
If he refused to do the bidding of Annirai who is a powerful ruler, his entire family would be wiped off.
These two sofas face each other.
She goes to the cinema.
My gums are swollen.
He kindly answered the question.
I was embarrassed.  
The tall man left in a hurry.
Did you see the terminator?
She did not move.
I think that you may be right.
He has seen the ups and downs of life.
Has he refered to our question?
This will last me a month.
If only I had the wings of a dove !
It is a very good fair.
The team captain jumped for joy, and the fans cheered because we won the state championship.
I am eating an orange.
How was Patol Babu’s role crucial to the film, according to the young lady Jyoti?
Eating the pizza, the boy watched his friends playing outside.
Where does Lakshmi have to go ?
The grapes hung over the garden wall.
Hindi is very easy to learn.
Which two oceans are connected by this shipping canal?
Ram should read a good book.
Otherwise, I won't be able to reach home on time.
We must finish this exercise.
These were red and white in colour.
He was studying.                   
Sure.
It would happen that he might succeed in life.
It has been raining.
Thinking it to be a grave of an ardent lover.
I wish for nothing more.
I work in a middle school.
He was quite tired.
Shu, Tony, and Ana studied together after class.
She has brought some fruit for the picnic.
His polite manners have endeared him to all.
I do not speak Sindhi.
Some advised her rightly, other wrongly.
You will go to Karnal tomorrow, won't you ?
He was an advocate.
The river was furious at that time.
Did she look happy?
He will not escape punishment otherwise.
All men are mortal.
I saw a crying girl.
The noise is annoying the neighbours.
That is my horse, said he, "and if I do not prove it in a few minutes I will give up my claim."
The car was sent to the garage by Paul.
He cannot go to school tomorrow.
What would you have
What do you save money for?
This saint became a martyr on 1st November 1939.
We started early.
She lived in Hull for many years but she didn't like it.
Question is not easy.
You can drink two litres milk.
This is the letter which will surprise John.
My friend, the magistrate of this place, is on leave.
Are you well ?
There the chief of washer man's clan named Mohammed used to stay.
It matters little what he says.
The crocodile was also waiting to have his kill.
I think that she studies grammar.
I shall catch the train.
The fan is on.
I will get ready.
One evening while Noori's brother was returning from palace king saw a box in his hand.
He removed map from wall.
On the arrival of the mails the steamer will leave.
Gopal, Tukaram is your friend?
My watch was lost.
She got devastated.
If the storm had not frightened them, the kids would have been sleeping all night.
My house is more open than yours.
We started for Calcutta yesterday.
Ram was singing.
Often he used to sell the vessels at loss.
Who is at the door ?
Sheila will come first.
She has to buy a wrist wacth.
I want to see you playing with the ball.
They use video for teaching the students.
I love the pie, for it is delicious.
I played
He is greatly feared by them.
I am talking to her for an hour.
Do have some tea.
He succeeded to the throne of his uncle.
What does the earth teach us?
Ram wasn't beaten.
I wish you would not chatter so much.
He is too miserly to part with his money.
I am in Bombay from last four years.
Let this matter stand over for the present.
In Hyderabad I visited Charminar, Golkonda Fort and Birla Mandir.
He whom we worship, by whose gift we live, is the Lord.
I wash my hand of the whole matter.
My friend arrived and we went for a walk.
If you are just, you need not fear.
He can play football.
He was a man fertile in resources.
He sold all the furniture.
Bill caused the situation to persist.
When did she pick you up? 
I advice you to try although you may not succeed.
Seema has been teaching in this school for twenty years.
After writing the essay before giving it to school, first show it to me.
What is he so sure about?
I cannot adequately express my sorrow.
He has stomach ache.
He had a very good bicycle.
Radha brought fresh fruits from market.
Take care of the pence and the pounds will take care of themselves.
They never recovered again.
I have seen him.
His clothes were torn.
How old are you?
This is the house where I lived in 1998.
My sister set the table.
Is she working?
My name is Ramchand Lalwani.
Will you have tea or coffee?
He found what he was looking for.
My beloved I am dying in your separation.
How did Douglas overcome his fear of water?
The trip to the city is neither long nor expensive.
Taking pity on the mouse, the magician turned it into a cat.
They set a strong guard, lest any one should escape.
I met my wife in that bar.
Will she have written a letter?
I know her.
Where had you gone ?
What do you know about Christianity?
What an amazing game that was!
I'll bring books tomorrow.
You were not speaking English.
She told me she wouldn't come.
Saint Kawarram used to sell boiled beans for his livelihood.
Abdul has come to see you.
He loves to issue harsh orders.
Which instruements do you play with folk songs ?
I would not do it even if you paid me.
How many uncles do you have ?
He studies regularly.
The girl ran away, laughing.
The boys left together.
How this word would be pronounced ?
Was he usually not at home at the weekend ?
Is Sindhi language too difficult ?
You are partly right.
He is serving his time in a bank.
This is a very sweet mango.
She had been teaching in London.
You will have to finish the project, or your group will get a failing grade
Is there any substance to Rohit’s claim that he knows everything?
The child was sleeping  on a chair in the kitchen.
It is hard to get on with a suspicious man.
I saw it with my own eyes.
He cannot go unless I consent.
Which dog do you think loves  bones ?
I must give it to you.
They thought hard and then one of them had a wonderful plan.
I will come with them.
They had been invited to an Hindu wedding and were not sure what happened on such occassions.
Ravi is angry because he has not received his books.
John studies in St. Columba’s School, New Delhi.
I would rather you went by air.
The lady was compelled by the doctor to drink such vile medicine that she was all but killed by him.
The magician came in the guise of a mendicant and raised his cry for alms.
Ram eats an apple.
If you hire a tailor at home for a week, he will stitch all your clothes for your whole family.
They were not using their calculators.
He drinks neither tea, nor coffee.
He has not bought the knife that I asked for.
My parrot hopped and sang merrily.
They gave him books.
No such disease were known then.
Did you understand the sentence?
I wil send the files as early as possible.
The piano takes up too much room.
We should start using wind-powered generators to cut costs.
The children should be asked to ride the cycle carefully.
Can you reach there in time?
Father has returned.
How many siblings do you have ?
I pull up roses for all day.
One has to buy potatoes essentially for them.
Could you open the window?
Does John pronounce well ?
What should I tell you my friend ?
What is the importance of 'Cheti Chand' ?
Who has played tunes on guitar well ?
The boy ate pizza.
Who do I pay this to?
I shall not work.
Every soldier and every sailor was in his place.
I praise him only when he deserves it.
He looks happy.
She entreated Umar to free her so that she may return to her native place and pour water to her soil.
We came after they had left.
I neither knew nor cared what had happened to him.
You have written the lessons.
The bamboos are growing by the river.
We will enjoy our holidays.
He may have to go.
Since last month I have seen him but once.
He returned to Kech Markan and narrated the entire episode to his father.
He was teaching.
He was swimming in the river.
He is an honour to this profession.
It's an exciting story.
She was watching the match.
She was angry at Amit's trying to lie to her.
Give me information about the climate according to the months.
I thought of Ram, the outstanding boy.
Somebody has put out the light.
Can you burn a fire to reduce the cold?
She made Ruth a new dress.
Easier said than done
From where will I get train ticket ?
Suresh arrives at 9 o' clock.
I am a clerk in an office.
Ram eats apples and bananas too.
Will she have given up her bad habits?
The music is good.
what are they doing ?
If I had time, I would drop you off at school.
He seemed very anxious that we should come.
Have you decided what to do ?
Will Hari not come to school today?
He had resolved on a certain course.
He came in while I was out.
Am I blaming you?
The horse is so old that it cannot work.
Eat few suppers and you'll need few medicines.
The book is green.
The vizier was a wealthy man.
What kind of a tiger was chosen for the hunt?
People come here from many parts of India.
He is sitting on the chair.
I have found the book which I lost.
Stand up, come here.
Books that he wrote why are most interesting.
We study in college.
Could I have said anything to Sima in that condition?
Please get the information from related counter.
No one will give me any grass for free.
That's the boy whose mother works in the post office.
Ram eats only apples and not bananas.
Will he give a ring?
He had one sister who had no child.
I shall write another letter tomorrow.
This newspaper has a bigger circulation than any other morning paper.
How was your paper today ?
I saw crying babies.
My name is Noman, said Ulysses, "My kindred and friends in my own countary call me Noman," "Then," said the Cyclops, "this is the kindness, I will show thee, Noman, I will eat thee last of all thy friends."
How many pages in your note book?
He would have been working when the accident happened.
Mathematics is his favourite subject.
If he comes, then we can proceed.
Is she looking at you?
After having lost her beloved husband, Leela went back to her parents' house.
Nobody was absent.
Where is the parcel that I left here yesterday ?
Wren designed this cathedral.
Does he go to see Mary?
He lives near the fort.
He fought for the crown.
I will go myself
Clive made proposals.
The plan was that the swans would hold the stick with their beak.
This demand amounts to outrage.
I assented to his proposal.
I want to see Gandhidhaam.
Mary ate the rice with a spoon.
Rama is braver than Balu.
Where were you born ?
The food was definitely the thing I enjoyed it most about our holiday.
We all despise a cowardly boy.
The train stopped.
He never returned.
She asked where Juan was born.
How many citizens live in your state?
He will probably pass his driving exam easily.
Has your uncle, who had gone to London, come back or is he still there?
We fed them a mango.
Take this and give that.
Nurse came running after hearing his crying.
I keep worrying without any matter.
Geeta was going to the market with her borther.
Sita read Tagore's novel completely.
He pleaded with his brothers to free him and allow him to return to Bambhor.
Who arrived late ?
I know the man who has stolen my bicycle.
You are not speaking English.
He ran away, or they would have killed him.
Thankyou for invitation.
Though he was very rich and renowned person but he had one unfulfilled desire to have an offspring.
He kicked the goal-keeper.
You didn"t work.
I had no answer to my letter.
Life is not a bed of roses.
How many bungalows does Mary have?  
I shall come back.
You can't sing.
That fellow trumped up a story.
The expenses are high even in this month.
If you had come, it would have been nice.
She may be ill.
I had aching feet, therefore, I could not come on foot.
Over 200 species of plants have vanished in South India in 30 years.
I need a soap.
Maher thinks that he is strong and so does Omar, but his father doesn’t.
We will not work.
The date is first tomorrow.
What else do you want?
Does the dog creep ?
Wait there.
Ah me ! exclaimed the Queen, "What a rash and bloody deed you have done !"
We rejoiced this being promoted.
Sugar tastes sweet.
How does the world depicted on the classroom wall differ from the world of the slum children?
Because you have done this I shall punish you.
On day of 31st Januaury in that year, viceroy of India, Lord Vilington had inaugurated that.
She is going to brush her teeth.
We shall visit.
He will come today and will go tomorrow.
One cannot be too careful about what one says.
I don't like him going there.
Please write when I dictate.
Tell him.
They had worked hard.
I want to read.
He is stronger than any other man living.
He lies in order to escape punishment.
But now you look quieter.
He appears very comfortable.
Praising all alike is praising none.
He talks too fast to be understood.
I am on leave on Saturday.
O father!
Does she like bowling ?
A tree whose leaves have fallen, is my favourite one.
My father is dead whom I loved a lot.
I believe, said he, "that we are in this country among a people whom we like and who like us."
It is a miserable thing to live in suspense.
There are 8 boys & 4 girls.
If I was a good cook, I'd have invited them to lunch.
He was the most eloquent speaker that I ever heard.
That can be done by humility and complete surrender to his will.
How could he explain it to her?
One should not speak too much
Can you marry with me?
Bill sometimes studies at night.
We’ve missed our train, which means we may be late.
Which book do you not know to whom to give ?
During her long illness she often longed for death.
He was afterwards pursued by hunters with their guns.
He has good lotus root.
Did you never hear that name ?
Mary and John play football every afternoon.
kindly give me a copy of drama's schedule.
How did you find the fair ?
There were many children among the audience.
Who do you think is the better of the two at tennis ?
This is the man who I talked about this morning.
This is the ring that I found yesterday.
There is no facility for sending telegram in this post-office.
Is she your wife ?
England expects every man to do his duty.
Do as I tell you, or you will regret it.
Raju gave his own home address to Prem.
How did Zitkala feel when a large bell rang for breakfast?
I wrote a letter.
He might have been doing this easily.
Sonia will have Ritu sing the songs.
Give careful heed to what I say.
He must have gone to the party.
He told his master about the beautiful girl in Tula Kumbhar's house.
I have to get polished my shoes.
I had lunch on the train.
Maher said that Kareem likes his teacher and Omar said that Kareem likes his teacher.
There are eight members in our family.
Whom does Fenny invite to come to her birthday party ?
It is the only way to escape the punishment.
What is she really doing in London?
I suggest that you apply for the post.
He could have done such a thing.
I consider Mary very intelligent.
Which will you take?
Ask at the health center .
Will Kamini have not finished this work by now?
How does he treat the dog?
He is delightfully cool.            
John was eager to go on his own.
When will we see again ?
His cleverness equals Rama's.
Mukesh watches TV.
I was frightened that I'd be late.
They came to our house.
The reason why I did it is obvious.
You packed your bag.
What idea does the story of ’Beauty and the Beast’ convey?
She had already heard his fame.
These mangoes are unripe.
How has the life of children living in slum been described?
God knows where my son might be eating his meals.
You should buy a novel.
How many pupils came to the lesson?
He was my friend, therefore I loved him.
A Kolhapur visit was not complete without a trip to this ordinary temple.
I expect him to call any minute now.
He refused me point-blank.
She lived in the middle of a great wood.
She put bandages around the wounds of Deepchand.
The project is nearing completion.
Who is the dancer of today ?
I requested him many times, but he never helped me.
Most of us die in bed than out of it.
I would be a millionaire now if I had taken that job.
They were poor, and often suffered great hardship.
What had happened to Sebastian?
Does he give you a book ?
Cricket is not my cup of tea.
Few poems he has written are all of great excellence.
They must make their beds.
He went to school.
From where were you returning ?
Yes, I'll be in office tomorrow.
Do male and female both participate  in these dances ?
They have two pens.
They are determined to stand up for their rights.
Where is he now ?
John smokes cigars.
How is he ?
We have yet to decide what action to take.
John and Mary have announced that they have got married.
How did the other creatures try to quite the frog?
John cannot set up his computer because the setting is complicated.
When Kounru's mother came to know about her daughter she spoke about it to her husband king Khangar.
How I will not buy any mangoes?
He has succeeded better than he hoped.
We shall hear his voice no more.
Are you Sindhi ?
He has hardly any chance of succeeding.
George stood motionless for at least a minute.
She is not particular about such things.
They will not work.
The doctor has told me to be on diet.
It is ten hours since I had nothing to eat.
Which dress will you require for that ?
One day Rano could not reach Moomal's place.
What can I do for you ?
I am as tall as she is.
The man who is in the house is my father.
They who seek only for faults see nothing else.
This is a matter of little importance.
That palace is very old.
They are not coming there where we are going.
What do the dogs do when they first see the lady?
She came with her.
How many cars have you owned so far?
We watched a film last night.
Where do you live Peter?
They go.
He showed me the greatest respect.
How was the last film?
It was told so by the teacher himself.
Mary was drawing a circle before John was writing.
How many sarees did you purchase ?
He could not remember his lesson.
The woman whom my mom talked to sells cosmetics.
Shanta is rich.
I think it is a good idea.
What does this mean?
Cash counter is on the right hand side of the entry gate.
I have already made ten calls since morning.
They have to go to Bombay.
There's nothing to do.
She showed the way.
We got sufficient information about Sindhis by witnessing the exhibition.
She is not going to draw a circle.
Those people would come to our house often.
Is Hindi language too difficult ?
I frequently play hockey.
If he is at home, I shall see him.
What do you think they are ?
He will not work.
Their policy on higher education is an unmitigated disaster.
What had the nightingale become used to?
Such was his nature.
Was George good at English ?
My good behaviour so far gained on the emperor that I began to conceive hopes of liberty.
I needn't get up early tomorrow.
We went to the soccer game, yet as soon as we arrived It started to rain.
There is no rose but has some thorn.
How often does the lady go to the park?
God knows for how long this will continue.
Which writer had got first National Sahitya Academy award for which book ?
The boys are making a lot of noise.
How is he playing ?
Do not be a borrower.
Raka kept lying in bed far into the morning.
Is it an unnecessary expenditure ?
It is a question of my happiness.
The hungry man works.
Didn"t you work?
As he was poor I helped him.
This is an exciting film.
They say that she was praised by him.
It was about a man.
You will not be punished.
He is respectful to his superiors, without being servile.
He was boasting of his bravery.
The fire engine came rushing down the hill.
I will write.
He ordered the trailor to be executed.
He walked slowly to avoid slipping.
They walked about the street.
I would have purchased a ticket.
We saw the dog that worried the cat.
3/4 dozen ?
He took my bicycle.
That they might catch the early train they left at six o' clock.
He has a good memory.
Who went to watch an exhibition ?
I am not concerned with his safety.
A taxi took me.
He is a clever artist.
Mungo Park explored the interior regions of Africa.
Where does she live ?
The dog was quite dead.
Will you have a good time?
Sudha does not have Sindhi dictionary.
Have I worked?
His finished manners produced a very favourable impression.
Do you have his full address ?
I am deeply sad.
What is your father ?
Max’s mother saw him, and Oscar said Mary did, too.
She is my cook.
By which another name Sakhar barrage is also called as ?
How many people have you collected ?
Who did John believe that Mary hated.
Will you go to Patna next month?
Am I not working?
He said he didn't believe me.
How did the narrator resolve the problem?
Fading flowers do not look good.
Who say you that who will come ?
This is the house that was broken into.
Children are not in school.
He is sick.
I used to be an atheist but now I believe in God.
You do not drop this envelope in the letterbox.
I was having milk.
Previously wasn't the money-order window that side ?
I will go to America and get higher education.
He backed up his friend's claim.
How did the news in the paper affect her?
The books are where you left them.
He did not say anything to his father.
There is no hope to get the money back.
You have always been a kind and generous uncle to me.
My brother plays cricket.
Ravi is responsible for all those children.
Generally, the weather in Mysore is pleasant through out the year.
The boy who has been industrious, has earned a prize which he has well deserved.
Mr Jones, my teacher, is an interesting instructor.
Will be there no change in this policy?
How does a thing of beauty remain a joy for ever?
I don’t know how deep he had to dig it.
She can speak in Sindhi.
I sent a letter which arrived three weeks later.
You did not even notice how well she played.
Rano's sister who was reigning queen again persuaded him to free Rano.
He told us this.
As the procession was moving in Junagarh the ruler came to know about it.
Can you take me to the hospital?
How many people are doing work well ?
Roshan saw Golkanda near by Hyderabad.
How many knives does she have?
How many grandmothers tell you a story?
They are singing a song.
With whom has he gone ?
Cats like dogs.
We are recognising him.
Do not come early.
Do not give ear to a tale-bearer.
The movement of the storm was quick.
Looking at the house without envy.
He arrived at 11 am.
Are you going there?
He writes so illegibly that I cannot read his letter.
The pains are not noticeable.
She tries her best.
She was trying her best.
I had worked.
Did Juan finish his chores?
He is very extravagant person.
He is here, which is fortunate.
She is known to me.
Will he work?
I love chocolate but there is none left.
What should we do?
You cannot always go by appearances.
What is its intention in the region?
I know Jane.
It was the postman.
Sita, what do you want ?
The boy played when he was at the park.
I was struck by a stone.
His plans are adverse with my interests.
Ram stabbed John.
Manish's friend's letter had come from Jaipur.
He will inherit all the property in the event of dying.
Which song does he load?
He was talking in Sindhi.
Having walked away miles, he is quite done up.
It also tells the power of Beejal's art.
I would be much happier there.
She may need some help as she is new.
How many doctors do not treat?
Albert is playing squash.
He deserves to succeed because he works hard.
His means are small.
Does she know about Rabindranath?
Long live the king !
He's like that
I was all eyes to see what he would do.
David plays the piano, doesn't he?
He played this game for showing his strength and for winning the gold medal
Does he play outside ?
The book which is on the table is mine.
What was her protest?
The discovery that the world is round.
Does he know how to play gamble?
I might be thinking.
A herbivore is an animal that feeds upon vegetation.
We halted at Agra to see the Taj Mahal.
He has succeeded.
He took away my breath when he coolly proposed that I should buy votes.
He gave a curt reply.
Daniel was placed in the lions' den, but the lions did not harm him.
Will you write to me?
She made Jerry out to be famous
He thought of eluding his pursuers.
In spite of much effort, Rita could not manage to learn how to sing.
You are going to sing a song.
She has worked.
What sweet delight a quiet life affords !
I will speak the truth.
Aceh is rich of events, attraction and unique culture that it will fascinate anyone.
Never do anything that is not compatible with public safety.
Many students are calling.
The song pleased me.
I will take with me whomsoever you choose.
Am I calculating your expenses ?
It is time to go home
She put up with the class.
This boy is wiser than that boy.
We visited Paris last September due to a business meeting.
But then he had forgotten old things.
He gave me a one-Rupee note.
Rustam is slow but sure.
No, you stand outside near the door.
He killed her in a cruel way.
I like playing chess.
No, I have already got two such shawls.
The dog that was in the street howled loudly.
Can you improve your writing more?
Have you had your milk ?
Sitting here in the sun is very pleasant.
The time for departing has now arrived.
Oxygenated blood is pumped out.
How slowly did Mary say that Mathew gave John the book ?
What does it refer to?
We can ask for leaves.
Is Suresh staying with his uncle ?
Mahatma Gandhi was born on 2nd October in 1869.
This boy is the strongest in the class.
I know a good italian restaurant, It's not far from here either.
Is it Ram's place ?
Say the same thing twice over.
Does he cure?
I forgave him his fault.
Can you cross the road properly?
What was the programme ?
He is slow, but he is sure.
We smell something burning.
Did anybody hurt your feelings ?
How does the Ancient Mariner stop the wedding guest?
She is going to the store or she is going to the mall.
This is one of the songs that were most popular.
My friend accommodated me with a loan.
My sister is Savita.
Walk softly, please.
I work for the United Nations.
They are playing football.
Have you not surely done your work ?
Whichever girl is standing there, she is Ravi's friend.
The teacher punished the boy for disobedience.
Have you read 'Gulliver's Travels' ?
Brave Dodo with his army rode into battle.
If I had enough time, I would go with you.
He said he didn't believe you.
Ram wants to work.
What does this word mean ?
Pugin died insane at the early age of forty.
What is Germany really known for?
What does the poet want all of us to do?
We live just up the road, past the post office.
Several Passengers were drowned.
The formation of paragraphs is very important.
This is how the awareness can be brought to the society.
Give my regards to uncle.
How many magic flutes has he?
I cannot say anything.
The Commissioner gave rewards to such men as deserve them.
If I got some fruit, I would make you a cake.
The children respected their teacher.
Which newspaper do you read – the Times or the Guardian?
Oh, that reminds me!
He sees himself in the mirror.
May we have pleasure of your company ?
Brutus accused Caesar of ambition.
You stole the purse.
I was in Sri Lanka in May last.
A hot favourite since 1988, this is our choice for Aurangabad's best eating experience.
They’re going to send an ambulance and a police car right away.
A taxi is needed for those new female students.
What is the day today ?
That's why you are tired.
He is very poor, but he does not complain.
She came with you.
They have to meet.
The weather is too bright to last.
Which is the most important riverine inland waterway of Russia?
This cow has only one eye.
I stay on sixth floor.
One does not like to say so, but it is only too true.
We are not for war but for peace.
There is a cow in the garden.
If the educated people would treat sons and daughters differently, then what is the fault of uneducated people.
We have not received the shipment yet.
Paul went to the gym and I made dinner which was chicken jajitas.
Does she go to outside?
I am afraid I am late
Show those silk sarees.
Does he work?
The wind blew.
He seemed to grant the permission.
He played the violin.
I am going to take this.
He turns even his errors to account.
Wait for Hari and me.
Does your sister beat you?
Though the sky falls, he will not be frightened.
The police caught them and put them in jail.
As the stranger entered the town he was met by a policeman, who asked him if he was a traveller.
How many poor are not healthy?
He always tries to do his best.
I had some some work and also I went around a bit.
This has been done by priests.
A person who relies on his own efforts has the best chance to win success.
Which state in India has the highest poverty line?
The boy whom I trusted proved worthy of my confidence.
I want to spend my vacations in Banaras this year.
What difference did the postmaster notice in Ali?
In our times, we used to go to college to acquire some knowledge and not for entertainment.
I like Fridays.
You fell on your back, did you?
John believed himself to run faster than them.
You cannot always talk sense if you are always talking.
The books are kept on the table.
Paul likes football
I am not able to recognize which sounds are implovives and which are not.
It had become difficult to get out of home during curfew.
The place where Budha was cremated has recently been discovered.
No doubt he has achieved much, but I cannot give him credit to all that he boasts.
Does it always pain ?
Pakistan expected to win the match.
He put on his hat and went out.
The house belongs to me.
He will come with me.
Who taught you to swim ?
Ram is driving the car at a high speed.
She was surprised.   
He asked me whether I liked music.
The tallest buildings are found in America.
He is French.
This village is in Sakhar district of Sindh.
Who can answer the question ?
People hate hard work.
The men and women met at the station and went to dinner.
The big yellow dog ate bones
In which train did you come to Gandhidham ?
Ram went to the market.
Whatever the first speaker said, the second one opposed it.
I think he will have to go to Delhi.
Don’t cut in me.
Did you say anything?
Let's get into the train.
Do you study with them ?
Had we been drinking tea?
Why does he hang ?
A few words spoken in earnest will convince him.
You have earned his gratitude, so you shall not go unrewarded.
We should rely on our own efforts.
He was all alone when I saw him.
How was the tiger shooting arranged?
One can only reach the desired destination through humility and devotion.
When I opened the door, there was Laverne.
He is no better, no worse.
He was set free by the exertions of the mouse.
The few friends he has are all very poor.
How did you find the food ?
He scored twenty runs.
The boy who can sleep will dream.
He will get up at 8 O' clock.
They were drift in mid-ocean.
Disease are there where the dirt is.
The tiger is the most ferocious of all animals.
You don't speak Russian.
The lion was not killed although he was wounded.
Tina was not painting a wonderful picture.
They will start on Wednesday and will reach here on Thursday.
The boy is in the house.
Seeing her beloved in this state she was shocked and grieved.
Will he meet me?
He was found guilty of manslaughter.
I had books.
I was thoroughly ashamed of myself.
He that is warm thinks all so.
Will they remember us?
Was she looking at you?
How has the poet changed over the years?
They were selling their furniture.
He said he regretted that he had acted so hastily.
We've forgotten the milk, haven't we?
This is only right.
Eh, I said it's hot today.
She kept on talking.
I still could not get a ticket.
Ravi reached there.
I would have a better job now.
All said and done it was a love at first sight.
I remember the house where I was born.
The boy wolfed down the pizza and then ran outside to play.
He was armed with a gun.
What are you going to do tomorrow?
He was so tired that he could not sleep.
The girl gave the boy the book.
He left her to her own fate.
On the way we get to see big mountains, flowing rivers, small and big villages and towns.
You were listening to the radio.
If you come here you will repent it.
In those times King Chanesar used to rule in Devalkot.
Ram runs.
What would you advise us to eat ?
He screamed.
They do not know where he is concealed.
Vinod was telling me about Sindhunagar fair.
I had lost a book, but I have found it.
I am a director.
I will join you for lunch after I wash my hands.
That noise is irritating.
Uncle will go to Banaras tomorrow.
What does she do ?
I go to Belgium by car.
No, I don't have any child yet.
I shall give him money when he comes to Delhi.
Each article was sold at over a pound.
Again Deepchand requested him to verify his statements from his friend Nawrang.
Wherever Parvin will go, Manish will also go there.
Olga sings a song beautifully.
How is your work going on ?
He was a teacher.
How are you?
Wisdom is the gift of heaven.
The boat sailed to Cuba.
There is a worm in the unripe banana.
Do you need a dictionary ?
There’s always room for improvement.
Can you see those people?
He lived at kalyanpur in Allahabad.
He rose to go.
How many times a week does the cricket team practice?
Few are better leaders than he is.
We had to go to Ajmer.
It’s a pleasure to meet you.
He remained home because he was ill.
This boy is stronger than Hari.
She said that she would not come.
Here is the book that you lent me.
He declared his innocence.
Neither food nor water was to be found there.
We cannot recognize.
Jane, whose mother is a physician, is very good at biology.
Please write down own address !
How long does she usually spend in traffic?
I will wait for you till five tomorrow evening.
Will he be late?
The dog, although he was well fed, howled loudly.
His silence proves his guilt.
It is a very good scheme to teach second language.
Here Kalyan Camp is Ulhasnagar.
Anita and Ravi are happy.
The boy ate an apple.
One car was parked in a very dangerous place.
I insist that you shall not go.
We reimbursed the men who helped them.
They were inspectors.
Everyday Shweta says the same thing: shall I go ?
She is wonderful to work with.
The plane that is flying overhead is a jet.
Why are all of you worried about the studies ?
Nino bought the chair I am sitting in
This is the book which I am reading.
Photographer asks us to come tomorrow morning.
The man is deaf.
You should give it a try.
I am ready to sleep.
I usually finish work at 5 o'clock.
Which doctor do you want to see?
He was very aggressive also.
He sleeps every day after he comes home.
He lives with his parents.
He may enter, as he is a friend.
I suggest visiting Qutub Minar.
Lay the child down to sleep.
Kindly tell that where is museum ?
There is plent of water.
One who will study Sindhi he will teach Sindhi.
Since that day I have not seen him.
You have rice.
They worked at the job.
If you change your mind, let me know.
How is the movie ?
Will you be ill if you eat so much?
I have passed two sleepless nights.
The project will eventually generate 1,000 M.W. of electricity by 2005.
From where was Motiram returning ?
We were going somewhere.
John is easy to please.
You must conform to the regulations.
Beth learned the lesson.
I hope that I shall be there in time.
We shall now begin to work.
They heard a sound.
Take care of your health.
Are you not ashamed?"
I don't want to re-visit him.
Ravi ate his meal and went home.
He likes to play cards.
Harish has read lots of Shivani's novel.
Will he have gone before it rains?
I hope you will excuse my leaving early.
Homer is said to have been blind.
He has gone to the party.
They decided to eliminate her.
John jogged to school.
The boys made a lot of noise.
I have to reveal a secret to you.
Shut the gate.
How well everyone played!
I went to the market.
Why does she want to go anywhere?
Raju came to home.
Was Rajni washing her clothes ?
I saw you in the market yesterday.
She died because of cholera.
Sumit has a great deal of sympathy for Nina.
He is stronger than Rustam.
Don't mind the jokes boys play on you.
John was sleeping with Jane when Mary tried to kill him.
How very well you speak French ! Lady Grizzel said.
Ill health disqualified the body from labour and the mind from study.
My wife has only one hobby.
What happened ?
All orders will be executed promptly.
I gave him a notebook.
When messenger reached Bambhor he found Punhoon washing clothes along with other washer men.
Show me your photo album, please.
Only a millionaire can afford such extravagance.
It could not keep before the wind.
They decorate house.
Why did you do that ?
I can never return from my poor dog Tray.
What is the telephone number to get the information related bus timing ?
There was a lecture on Indian economy.
His house is next to mine.
I made dinner, which was chicken fajitas, when Paul went to the gym.
Sita gave Ramesh her book.
I will have mango.
Who are you?
Seeing this Sasuee suggested him to put one gold coin in every piece of cloth and give it to the owners.
I thought that I had made an awful mistake.
Early to bed and early to rise makes a man healthy, wealthy, and wise.
Your neighbour found the puppy in the garden.
Did he not give you some money?
You don't know where the shoe pinches.
Whatever Mohan was earning, he used to give it to his step mother.
One cannot gather grapes from thistles.
They are not going to order computers.
He is neglectful of his dress.
What can I say about him that his friends haven't already said?
I am here only.
It is raining outside.    
The patient is much worse today.
I say that no one will view the film.
This fact worried his mother.
The beautiful rainbow soon faded away.
As he deserved, he got the first prize.
The girl cried.
He is rewarded for reading.
You have eaten apples.
What made the narrator think that they were earning much?
He shouted to them to let him go.
Where are you leaving your wedded wife ?
Are you leaving today?
We do not have jaggery.
I fed him a mango.
Tennyson is not greater than some other poets.
The children like each other's friends.
They produced two reports, neither of which contained any useful suggestions.
I am done for.
I told her that Bill is coming.
He examined the document with care.
Nawrang's wife watched all this.
Anu bought the book.
How many computers have you had so far?
Rama ran fast.  
The English allied themselves to the French.
How many principles are making a speech?
Things are in a bad way.
Savita cooked the food for Tina.
She herself says so.
It is not difficult.
The inner meaning of this letter is not clear.
What colour is of your pencil ?
I didn't answer the phone.
Contentment is essential for happiness.
Do they sell fish?
They might have been present.
Get the ball moving.
He has been very much indulgent to his children.
If you should see him again,  walk the other way!
No, its nothing like that.
He gave me a bunch of grapes.
Do not forget his name.
Who is such that you like books that criticize him.
Your paper was interesting.
She was dressed all in pink.
He read the letter more carefully the second time.
I know what you told him.
You must hurry, or you will miss the train.
At the sight of her beauty Umar was quite intoxicated.
How am I supposed to know ? 
He often forgot to lock the door when he went out.
The boy who is reading a book is rich.
His bark is worse than his bite.
Did you clean your room ?
There are trains leaving the station in the morning and noon.
Have you spent all your money?
The wall is being built by the mason.
John stabbed Mary.
Why are you shouting?
I have not invited anyone.
 I can't tell you what we ended up doing.
His behaviour was such that everybody liked him.
The Chaliha fair is celebrated because the prime god of Sindhi commmunity, Jhulelal has defeated the cruel king, Mirkh Shah.
I know Hindi very well.
He fears his brother, doesn’t he?
He came at half past two.
The orders are to that effect.
Does Ram have to buy something ?
He fell fully-clothed into the lake while boating.
You had been listening to the radio.
I couldn't help laughing at the joke.
Is here any art gallery ?
I enjoyed the apple pie that you bought for me.
Who did you think unhappy ?
I find strange that she be there.
Did you ever hear Maria Callas sing?
Are we working?
If it's OK by you, I will leave early today.
Ben designed this house.     
It is her last novel that I'm interested in.
Open rebuke is better than secret love.
Laxman is Sita's husband's younger brother.
She cooked and he cleaned.
You can park on either side of street.
Then always minimum one thousand rupees should be kept as balance in your account.
I will drink it in a moment.
Alas, she's dead now.
A remarkable structure, this is a masterpiece of indo Islamic architecture located on the outskirts of the Ajmer city.
Mary goes to the library and studies every day.
We were writing in copies.
Lie still.
John kept the door open.
Rita wrote a novel and now she is also getting a poetry collection published.
His friends are coming.
Ram couldn't reach home.
I could do without.
The young boy ran quickly to the park.
The girl is growing tall.
In those days kings used to roam in disguise to know about the actual conditions of their kingdoms.
Why does he suddenly want to learn judo?
He must be staying in a hut.
Does Mary have class at noon ?
Does she get you wish?
Mary washes herself.
They cut through the stomach of crocodile.
Both continued to meet this way oblivious to anything happening around them.
I like music programs.
I used to decorate the house.
Have you ignored him?
While returning we shall come by bus upto Khandwa and from there we shall catch the bus.
When are you going to Lucknow ?
He says he has passed the examination.
As soon as you stand there, this young lady is your lawful wedded wife.
The Dolphin is an intelligent animal.
One should always buy a good pen.
Have you visited Sindhunagar ?
The minstrel was infirm and old.
The idea originated in him while he was travelling in Japan.
The egg was golden.
They were not standing at the corner.
Are you getting me ?
You need an even surface to work on.
None but(=except) the brave deserves the fair.
We have dozens of friends in the community.
A new car was given to me by my husband.
He hinted that he wanted money.
He answered sadly.
They preferred to go.
Neither accusation is true.
Men have fought for their country.
You come.
Kim has danced, and Sandy has.
Will the boy pinch the elephant ?
You are right.
The child seems to have recovered from the disease.
He was afraid of telling the truth.
The river was spanned by an iron bridge.
Shirts are often white.
This is the younger of my two sons.
I should have liked to tell you.
Why is Mary cooking noodles?
We shall catch the train.
I liked potato gravy a lot.
What is the language of poetry of Sachal ?
To add to their troubles a tyre burst on the way.
It is the book that I've just read.
How I'd love another cup of tea!
Haven't you been to the party?
While he found fault, he also praised.
Why don't we share a room?
I bet he will win
Ther were very enthusiastic.
It was evident from the distant roar of water.
Can you hear the sound ?
They opened doors.
Presenting the cool new Nokia 2300 with a built-in F.M. Radio.
I have been to Hyderabad.
The plums that were in the fridge were delicious.
Do you want any thing ?
Rain, rain, go to Spain, and never come back again.
John thinks that Ravi will buy laal phuul and Ravi will buy Godaan.
His father has come.
I shall bring my camera with me.
She was doing her homework.
Anyway, you can spend your day any way.
I surely expect him tomorrow.
Entering the room, I found the light quite dazzling.
They purchased T.V.
The inspector has read that book.
You must be thinking that how your family is managing without you.
Did you meet him there ?
He is slow.
Ravi has already given some money to me.
The vehicle turned.
Will we give her an apple?
Agra is too hot.
Have I been reading a magazine?
In how many hours will the bus reach to Indore ?
You can do this work.
And they were treated in the same manner as others were.
Stay here for now.
I took Rs. 50 from him.
No one trusts him.
Which do you prefer?
We are going abroad for a whole month.
All good children pity the poor.
Ravi backed out at the last moment.
Sippy is Sindhi.
His weight had dropped to 32 kilos.
She has been unconscious since four o' clock.
Some people live to eat.
Is Ram at home ?
He threw the stone but it missed the dog.
She will go to the hospital.
For my purpose I need such a man as he is.
The hunter took up his gun.
The brothers quarreled with each other.
She was sitting alongside me.
What does John think, where will Mary go ?
There occurred three accidents after lunch.
He was educated at a public school where he learnt Latin.
We shall miss the train if we don't hurry.
It was afternoon.
He wants to read a book.
They had a daughter named Maruee.
They were Rita's friends.
You should purchase books.
No further reasons were given.
Is it strong ?
The speech delivered by the president.
You will write the lesson.
Come, ask something else, anything but that.
He refused to listen to advice.
John protected Mary from herself
She comes from Madrid.
Sheela is a nuclear scientist in the play.
It is hard to get access to him.
As a result he was quite a prosperous man.
He sows the seeds of dissension.
I want you to call your father.
Can you stop quarrel?
I have come to you to get information about that.
He considered her to attend the auction yesterday.
I was having tea.
What does John think, Anu will say, who will Mary talk to ?
You tell her that she should not beat children.
She turned the volume up.
Had I worked?
Reema struck Krishna.
They do not have books.
The government gives the project.
Their activities are not regular.
The time was six o' clock.
The lady is very tall.
He read the book.
Reaching there he found that Moomal was in deep sleep.
I beg your pardon.
He will be gladdened by the sight.
A chair was handed her.
Inspite of being a mere farm boy, he had the audacity to ask for the hand of Maruee.
Give money to Ramu.
Pain has become intense, like a mountain, it must melt.
Where biscuits are kept ?
This room is 12 by 13 by 17.
He saw that the clock had stopped.
We must listen to his words.
I arrived at Jack's suite half an hour ahead of him.
He is not ashamed of his neighbours.
Dusshera is day after tomorrow.
Why does he always live with me?
You must improve your spelling.
The Prince said that it gave him great pleasure to be there that evening.
We are about to have lunch.
This custom has been practiced for centuries.
I work more than you do.
When does she leave the classroom?
You must provide a valid login I.D. and dial-up password.
That is a fault that will right itself.
Who don't you think who has Maria spoken to ?
Yesterday was a day when everything went wrong!
He spoke the truth.
I wonder who you have seen.
How had they landed there?
Can you weave this sweater?
He is above 25kg.
But I do need help with directions.
He cuts it by axe.
My friend had come in the party.
No body knows when he will arrive.
She is a very good correspondent.
Have you seen those people whom we met on holiday?
He succeeded in the long run.
You must write to me as soon as you reach Bombay.
She always tells Jaam Tamachi that she remembers her origins.
Will he be working?
But for the sake of friendship, it is our duty to give him proper advice.
The ruler is on the desk.
I am not Sindhi.
He gave away which he did not need.
John asked how to behave himself ?
How many cancer patients lose their hair because of chemotherapy?
What is the telephone number to get the information related train timing ?
He came with them.
He has a cellphone.
Each of the scholars has done well.
Where is cash counter ?
What's the name of the book that you want me to read?
A group of monkey lived on that tree.
Take whichever you like.
You will be alright soon.
This girl sings.
Where there is ignorance, there lies poverty.
The first two ones were relatively easy.
John smeared paint on the wall.
Which women do these these men love ?
Many people cautioned six brothers about the lurking danger and warned them not to proceed to that site.
Daryani should have control on his family.
He ran a long distance.
Ila hated Mohan.
It is all one to me whether he lives in Mumbai or Kolkata.
How many mosques are in this locality?
Why do you like visiting such a man ?
Which graph are you going to use?
What reason does Brutus give for murdering Caesar?
He ran a great risk.
Why does she click on this button?
There was a bridge across the river.
This child could get a fever.
Please send dinner to my room.
You were having tea.
The New Zealand rugby team played south Africa's Springboks.
The boy grazes buffaloes.
Which three are game?
John promised Mary the job last week.
They will come with the marriage procession.
I waited.
There is none but will agree with me.
The letters are on the table.
Come now itself.
Early to bed is a good maxim.
Do not make yourself ill.
That is also a good school
Why does he conceal his own matter?
If I had known,I would have said something.
Draw near and listen.
My pocket has been picked.
They were watching the match.
If he would have come yesterday, I would have given books to him.
Premchand has written Godan.
He works hard for a living.
Anil will sell the old books.
They will send the letter.
Our house is far from here.
But I am not you and never can be.
I learnt French at school.
That building brings in Rs.700 a month.
Tom is my eldest son.
Rupert has not dialled the number.
Aruna covered herself with a shawl.
The dog I chased was black.
He leaves two children behind him.
The school is very near my home.
He stands well with his master.
Be strong !
It was given out that he was a bankrupt.
What does John think, who will go where ?
That house is better than this.
She has five children, so she is incredibly busy.
14 cm B&W TV.
Does he follow the rules?
He had paid cash.
You are going to her wedding, aren’t you?
He is incapable of doing good work.
Online tutoring is available on weekends.
You became breathless by climbing just these many steps?
If I'd bought the lottery ticket, we would have won millions.
Was the film interesting ?
A.I.C.T.E 's viewpoint on foreign educational institutions setting up shop in India.
Father, will you have your meal here only or will go inside ?
He lives here from Januaury to July.
The crow dropped the cheese.
They are studying only for degree and not to learn something.
His BMW, which is an old German brand, is one of his three cars.
The labourers are few.
The child cried.
It is me.
I queued for over an hour at the counter.
Clean the rooms!
They don't want to come with us.
They have been running a race.
Shall we go now ?
Does the goat eat grass?
John bought the book and Bill bought the pen.
He learns Gujarati.
He is wrong.
There were fans in the room.
Ila got a letter and Anu read it.
The boy immediately responded for a blow.
Our clients range from psychiatrists to psychopaths.
He kept on speaking.
I was fifteen when I left home.
I inquired with the servant if his master was at home.
This kind of work of yours leaves good impact on common people.
Hari works most of the three of us.
You are very kind.
I met a man who works for the FBI.
Which institution has the central government of India established for the development of Sindhi language ?
He opened the book.
He was sick.
He can be going.
I looked everywhere.
Yes, I have many books.
It is silly to meet trouble half-way.
What’s his name?
I opened a window.
What is the price of this one ?
Many families own cars these days.
Leave your coat in the hall, will you?
What time does he go to bed ?
Will she be mourning the death of her husband for many days?
Open your book at page 7.
He then felt better.
I did not think fit to reply to his writings.
I will trust him.
His house caught fire.
I always forget that woman’s name.
How many religious men are in this temple?
She said, “Will he participate in the quiz competition?”
He puts his hands around his shoulder.
Can I try ?
Business confidence is on the up.
His rashness lost him his life.
The exercise was written by me.
Noori being embodiment of humility signifies the divine light.
I went because I was invited.
It starts two hours before departure.
I don't know who John hit.
After she graduates this year, Julie will work in her father’s law firm.
Will you be able to speak English?
What is the expression on the face of the statue?
He has stolen the purse.
John gave a book to Marry.
He has very bad health.
We are able to go there.
Who has the time to read Sindhi books ?
I am translating.
Had Benjamin broken the rules?
Make haste, else you will miss the train.
He had a bald head.
I am going Mysore after two days.
If you eat too much you will be ill.
I dance.
He went to Amritsar.
Today, my mother took me for a walk.
She didn't allow him to leave the room.
Experience has taught us many lessons.
Was I sending postcards?
My friends help me.
I am glad that he has recovered from illness.
Mary was drawing a circle before John wrote a letter.
Open the gate.
You have a long trip ahead of you.
How were the Indian girls dressed?
We cannot send you the goods, because we are out of stock.
The tailor's bill has run up to a large amount.
He is far better now.
What do you want?
We could not see the whole city.
How many masters do you have in your school?
Do you have a bag?
The children have been playing since afternoon.
Are they going to thank their mum?
The driver calmly and quickly put on the brakes in time to avoid the accident.
Where does he work?
I read literature.
Piper, pipe that song again.
The class is studying grammar.
Sarah asked whether anybody had seen her torch.
Where does one find trained employees these days?
Who did you give that letter to ?
I came with him.
Alzheimer's disease starts by changing the recent memory  .
He looked up.
You must part with your purse.
Chanesar warned.
John borrowed money from the bank.
Our school is within a stone's throw of the railway station.
When did you tell her that Bill is coming ?
The doctor says it is a hopeless case.
Do I understand English ?
John has put three books on the table.
A guilty conscience needs no excuse.
The Amazon is the largest of all rivers.
I shall see you tomorrow, when we can finish the business.
My uncle is still in hospital.
Can you have 2 sons?
I had gone to Lajpat Nagar yesterday.
There were some men arrested just now.
A man came running up.
What did he say ?
He allowed him two rupees.
Did it rain a lot?
He not only pitied him but relieved him.
We had not been cleaning our rooms.
How far is Sydney from Paris?
Had she been pushing her bike?
When does he sleep ?
Did you play soccer ?
He objected to my proposal.
They came to room.
You stay home and I will go out to get all the work done.
The students are easy to please.
The steam engine was invented by James Watt.
Sweet child, he answered, "do not fret, for I can make you happier here than ever you could have been on the earth."
Two rupees per kilo.
What was the irony in this?
Who has my book ?
Linus will be sad if he misses the Great Pumpkin again.
He is washing the car.
Meera will go to market in the evening.
He writes the best hand in his class.
We were friends.
Can you sing a song like Sonu Nigam?
Twenty hundredweight makes one ton.
And she would sometimes spin cotton on the spinning wheel.
All depends on Karim's passing the exam.
If you study hard you will get first class.
He certainly is not fit to lead.
Which girl saw which boy first of all, she often liked him.
How is your father ?
The old rules will not work in today’s changing society.
She fainted.
He is poor, but honest.
I myself saw him do it.
John waited for the bus all morning in the rain last Tuesday.
He came to know that all women folks of the royal palace had already been sent to Kutch for safety.
You have been practising your English.
He gave Ram a book.
He makes a lot of money.
At which place barrage was constructed on Sindhu river in Sindh, prior to Independence of the country ?
It is young.
She is not going to copy the chapter.
Who bought what ?
Whose house is this ?
Will you be in the office tomorrow ?
Jack built the house that I was born in.
The sheep are grazing.
I know the place which you mention.
I could not visit Salar Jung Museum.
In the market the price of a steel table is Rs. 150 and Rs.50 for a chair.
Do they go to school?
He saw his friend enchained as a prisoner facing the trial.
Take this parcel over to the post-office.
He was too late to hear the first speech.
They arrived shortly after.
We are frying pooris.
The measure falls in with the popular demand.
He was elected chairman of the Board.
He said, 'I do not wish to see any of you, go away.'
He eats potatoes.
How many days do you get leave in an year ?
We are going to arrive at the airport.
The next person ran towards kaka's home
He says that he was glad to be there that evening.
Can you catch the train?
The clock strikes.
Mrs. Smith is the wisest member of the family and of her four daughters Jane is the prettiest.
Anil had his breakfast late.
In which club do you give training ?
The house is big.
Wherever you go I shall follow you.
It is doubtful whether he will succeed.
I don't like to be late while returning.
We have not walked in the mountains.
The opposite is true: they didn't know, so they did buy.
India is playing a match with Pakistan on next Monday.
Who do you like most ?
Ruth did not drop the pencil.
We read a letter.
We hope you will return ere long.
They have invited each other.
I am sending you a book which I think you will like.
And he reached Kaak palace.
He is quite infatuated with her.
He is taking tea.
He gave me everything that I asked for.
When does this shop open ?
Anil has been ill for two days.
I was delighted to meet you again.
He failed.
They say that she is being praised by him.
The hooks pierced his mouth.
He had a daughter named Koel.
Wherever did you get this?
I can't see any wit in her.
He claims that he has given chapter and verse for every statement made in his book.
The fact that he is silent proves his guilt.
You better make a move now.
His name is Mr. Haq.
I do not know when shall I return.
With these words he turned to the door.
Fools rush in where angles fear to tread.
He needs feeding up some.
There were many people in the garden.
Have we climbed a mountain?
They all said it very clearly.
The dwarf said to her, 'Promise me that when you are Queen you will give me your first-born child.'
She slept late.
You’re supposed to arrive at the concert at 9.
A double dose could be dangerous  .
Ram was here untill yesterday.
He is senior to me.
He travelled thirty kilometers in two hours.
Mary, about whom we were talking is good.
The man seems tired.
What are you doing there ?
Which year student are you ?
Rama said, "I am very busy now."
He opened doors.
There is a man behind you.
How do we open it?
The river flows over the bridge.
Do not eat much pakodas.
Which is your office ?
Since he was entrusted with the secret, Fred became very serious, and he was no longer a practical joker.
I told him a story.
How many children are not going for a picnic?
Does Tom stay with Anny?
It is said that he has a finger in the pie.
Take that house for the time being.
Put this picture on the wall.
From where does Sindhu river enter into Sindh province ?
Are you listening to the radio?
Who switched off the light ?
Tell me why you did this.
You should give me some discounts.
He could not be forced to fight.
Have they been reading since 10 A.M.?
They are inventing a new gadget.
And Sindhi artists do not work for money.
This is the man whom John claims that he will invite.
She doesn't like meat.
He inspires respects for his friends.
A laughing man is stronger than a suffering man.
How many pencils do you have?
What are the advantages of hobbies?
Time has gone.
One day crocodile came up with a plan.
We will see when it comes.
Good evening, doctor
But as the time proceeds I started enjoying.
It is possible that he would call.
His fondness for games increases with his proficiency.
Ten people were killed.
He cannot speak nor can he write.
Is he going to answer the question?
My captors were taking me to prison.
Next morning at breakfast his wife said to him, "George, I think I can tell what is amiss with our clock."
Then said the wolf to the fox, "Now either yield thyself as vanquished, or else certainly I will kill thee."
The goldsmith sent Anu the necklace.
How many mountains are in Japan?
What else ?
He came home early yesterday because he had to go to a party.
Do you like living in Waipu ?
He has five children, one after another.
Raj goes to his school at 7.00 a.m.
We live in the old town.
Mend your ways.
I had lost the pen.
You"re working.
The door opened.
Where is he coming from ?
Marvin slept.
She dances well.
Aren’t they playing football?
Which subject are you studying ?
Women live longer than men, for they take better care of their health.
He worked hard that he might pass the examination.
There are the famous caves in Ellora and Ajanta.
Fear nought but sin.
I opened the door.
The boy passed the girl the ball
A lion was proud of his strength.
The meeting is at noon.
He just smiled after he heard him talk.
He could not buy a loaf of bread.
We three will come.
He is an idle and careless boy.
I said to him, “are you feeling well?”
Nothing will be gained by hurry.
Should they arrive late, there will be no one to receive them.
We got into a bus.
It was him.
People wear new clothes on occasion.
Their full salaries and 200 Rs. Per month stipend are being paid by us.
What is the price of 3 oranges ?
How many peons do work in this school?
Where is the book that I gave you ?
Now I have to go.
He wanted to make an example of them once and for all.
On either side is a narrow lane.
Let us eat something now.
500 rupees
You meet me day after tomorrow.
Kim had a coffee in the café while she waited for the post office to open.
What is everybody's business is nobody's business.
Few people are so hopeless as drunkards.
Thrice is he armed that hath his quarrel just.
Can you understand my handwriting?
John likes himself.
Marry usually studies at night.
My friend saw the Prime Minister yesterday.
I see him daily.
Child was sleeping.
Ravi works hard.
She stood as though turned to stone.
They slept early.
He silently wanted to leave the room.
Where discipline is concerned I put my foot down.
She wrote a letter .
Whatever may be the result, I shall refuse.
It is a silly fish that is caught twice with the same bait.
They are talking among themselves
This will make you happy.
Which advice does the speaker give to the listener?
When supper had been prepared, Robinson Crusoe sat down expecting to enjoy himself greatly.
We had come to you.
Can you trust me?
Till the day of the examination he did no more work.
I have not seen him since Wednesday last.
Come back at six o' clock.
I need half kg cucumber.
I will certainly tell the story of Mamoi sages to my friends.
When I saw him, he was playing chess.
Hari is scolded.
You did not work.
How long shall I stay is doubtful.
Did you play cards?
This also speaks of popularity of Rai Diyach.
The dog ate the bone.
Who would be doing what ?
We'll go camping, and we could stay in a hotel, if the weather is bad.
Wisdom is better than rubies.
Not only men, but women and children were put to death.
You cannot always go by appearances.
Anu had the intention of telling mother everything.
Accommodations are provided within the park but advance reservations are required.
The teacher said the earth goes round the sun.
The children sat on chairs.
One house has got vacated near to my house.
I would eat cake.
He suddenly turned round.
His arm has got bent.
He had been sick.                   
My kite was flying like a bird in the sky.
The horse was stolen.
Jumping over the fence, the theif escaped.
I eat good food.
I saw Ravi laughing loudly.
For all his old age he is very capable.
I am sleepy.
She used to dance well.
Today, I will receive a lot of money.
A crippling attack of malariya kept him in bed for months.
I hurt myself.
We never had such sport.
I could not help him because I had spent all my money.
He proposed that they should wait for the award.
Anna will not open the window.
They never fail who die in great cause.
It is a little cold however.
I have never heard from him since he left Bombay.
Ravi will eat bread.
He will open the door.
The men endured all the horrors of the campaign and not one of them complained at all.
She is in the girl's hostel.
Where can I find salt?
There is no question of fare.
You fall down.
Which girl do you like now in this competition?
Ram thought that the house was mine.
We used to go for knowledge.
Who goes there?
You're beyond me.
He is the politest.
When does your mom give you money?
They are staying for a week in Bombay.
I know what you told him.
What do you lean from the poem?
He was a worried  old man.
He was delighted with the intelligence and brightness of the scholars.
The weather is very bad.
No sooner did this idea enter his head, then it carried conviction with it.
The old woman sits in the sun in winter.
His best friends were two lovely swans.
The excise, which was a favourite resource of Whig financiers, was designated as a hateful tax.
Ravi was beaten by Ram and he couldn't laugh.
Who did you dance with?
Our army has been defeated.
Akhilesh is busy in studies.
Next day he himself went to Tula Kumbhar's house.
He is always about half an hour late
I hear the sound of guns.
John misses Mary.
Will he be my friend in the morning ?
I insist on your being present.
How will you do me a favour?
How many problems are in your family?
How many lions have you huntered ?
My mobile phone is something which is very important to me.
How did the stranger escape?
It was sad to hear the news of your illness
Mohan gave me a book.
Stay with me, my best son, for thou art yet more boy than man."
He said, "We are all sinners."
The frog turned into a prince.
Now let's begin the game.
Ravi will play cricket today.
How many shops have near the road?
Do you know the girl whom he's talking to?
45 minutes are left to arrival of the train.
Though often capricious and impertinent, she was never out of temper.
She gave me a wintry smile.
I need pencil.
How many students have forgotten this answer?
He is the wisest man that I have ever met.
We are fully prepared.
Things have changed since I was a child.
Having come home, Ram went to sleep.
Will you be able to write in Sindhi ?
Long live Bangladesh !
The measure was put through without opposition.
My dog is very silly.
He showed me your envelope.
Do not unleash terror.
In Bombay.
Agriculture in America has kept pace with industrial activities.
The glimpse of Sindhi culture at one place !
His age is a matter of minor importance.
He had read the book carefully and could tell the story in his own words.
Mehar was happy to see his beloved.
Does he play a game?
Will he sit on it ?
He wishes to learn.
If I were you, I should agree.
From where were you coming ?
He replied that he would come.
I need dark color.
He got busy in preparing for the examination.
It won't rain tomorrow.
She faced the whole trouble with courage and managed to solve the problem all by herself.
This way her humility and simplicity won her this great honour.
Can you see the tree that has no leaves?
Give me the ruler.
Will he be playing?
I am working.
We don't have a million dollars.
Will Sohan learn English?
Do you get time for studies ?
She ( Ram's mother ) is 43 yrs. Old.
The post of Director (Technical) was offered to Mr. Goel by the Ministry.
Was your village small or big ?
Has he met you ?
Iron is more useful than any other metal.
A girl hit a boy.
Do they work hard?
Does she defame me?
Healthy persons have no need of the physician.
Very few Indian cities are as big as Chennai.
The animal feeds upon vegetation.
He thinks that she was there.
She is not acting in a play.
I had read in a newspaper that one person had donated ten million rupees for Sadhu Vaswani hospital.
We know it.
The soldiers were rewarded for their bravery.
It is an ill wind that blows nobody good.
It had wide verandahs.
Children have gone to school on time.
The ship, with its crew, was lost.
They were sleeping while we were watching a movie.
That book, which has thick pages and grand pictures, is worth reading.
They all came except Matt.
Chheja' is a folk dance of Sindh.
I went to the kitchen but found nothing to eat.
You do not tell.
You are working in the garden.
I'll be home by 6pm.
The monsoon failed.
The dogs are sleeping in the garage.
They live where the climate is good.
Is Raja going there?
He kept the fast for a week.
A tiny bird lived under the caves.
We work.
Do you sing a song?
Susmita is very sorry to have arrived late.
My father has come from Sindh.
They kept up a long conversation.
I was asking for a saree from last six months.
He has eaten the food.
Was the dog barking?
Is my carriage ready ?
Can you earn 1,00,000 within a month?
Don't keep saying that.
I have worked.
Where is the nearest taxi stand ?
Which one is the better?
I cooked the way Mother asked me to.
Mohan eats mangoes.
The kind of book you need will not be available here.
Neither the TV nor the video actually works.
Both of them are vegetarians.
The boy caught the ball.
What did the mariners think of the birds?
He played a losing game.
A cloud of smoke rises from each table as old pals catch over steaming cups of coffee .
These mangoes are not such as I bought yesterday.
They were refused pay, but went on working.
I don’t know the song.
He was fighting against history.
Ram came to my house.
How is it possible that you ask me to come and I don't ?
The ruler Hamir Soomro became jealous of him.
How many pages have you read ?
I know your great regard for him.
Were your instructions oral or written ?
I’m happy you enjoyed the show.
He will visit his uncle.
Who was the complainant ?
He attended to his duties.
The two men hate each other.
Children go to school in morning at 7 O' clock.
How did Antarctica amaze the writer when she first saw it?
An elephant with a white skin.
We couldn't get a chance to inform you.
You used to love urban life.
Iron is an useful metal.
Did you get your car?
Does she spend lot of her time in the kitchen ?
I have not got paper for my exercise.
It is too high.
Do you play cricket?
Come, I'll introduce you to my wife.
They have many horses.
You're making far too much noise.
My right there is none to dispute.
She might be quite well now.
He is fond of tea.
He read the book.
I eat.
She did not watch the match.
The festival ends with refreshment.
How had Evans managed to get all that blood to pour over his head?
Last night, I slept well.
Can you save yourself from that danger ?
Large quantities of steam are used by the modern industry.
I live in a city.
Where did Mohan slowly walk to with Ram last night ?
Sita went hurriedly to hospital.
Let your heart rule the head.
Did you say something ?
Rahul was eating food.
The child laughed when he saw the monkeys.
Did you enjoy your Kashmir trip ?
A book is being written by him.
The child fears the dog.
Allaudin was agreeable to negotiate peace.
Recently he has taken to opium eating.
I want to send letters.
Raju ate lunch.
Both Sita and Savita are tired;
Balu is the best bowler in the eleven.
The word of command will be given.
You can talk as much as you like.
How did you pass your time in such a small village ?
She leaves and he arrives.
How has man disturbed it?
What though we happen to be late ?
Did you watch the game ?
He said he saw me there, which was a lie.
Is he in his room ?
What happens then ?
They can write in Sindhi.
It was fortunate that you escaped the accident.
We sold our quota faster than the team that walked because we biked.
I come to bury Caesar.
Those who will come on time they will be able to go.
The Right in british politics is represented by the conservative party.
We thought her dying when she slept.
Will Andy pass the ball?
There are boys in the garden.
It was going against the current.
Where have you attacked this time?
I want you to meet him.
Don’t you play?
Carly helps a man.
Can you either phone or write ?
Today it will be difficult for me.
Initially, whatever business Sindhis undesrstood, they did it.
I will stop, where there are interesting spot in my journey.
I am with Shahbaz.
My fault is this only I am seeking justice for uncle Meghraj.
The teacher is pointing to the board.
We climbed the mountain.
She looks worried about something.
No other metal is as useful as iron.
We all hope better tomorrow.
He saw but was not able to catch a cat.
He was a little more than a child when his father died.
My college has many buildings, so easy to get lost.
The house, with its contents, was insured.
 Children were saying that you were going to watch a film today.
John told Sue that Bill came.
We have won the game.
I shall be working.
Even a bird will defend its young ones.
All kings have huge palaces.
We travelled together as far as Kolkata.
What a beautiful night!
The door is sometimes open.
Could you show me the way to the station ?
Where does he go to view?
What are these windows which the poet talks of?
Cindy has not taken a book.
Pay your S.B.I card dues online.
I will write you a letter.
Who thinks what, who should we call up ?
Ram has many enemies.
We are thinking of going to Lonavala.
Tell the truth.
Let me know when the teacher comes.
Being occupied with important matters, he had no leisure to see us.
Throw this crow into the prison.
She is speaking in Gujarati.
Deepchand's sudden improvement in his studies aroused the suspicion of Moulvi and his friend Nawrang.
Who are the chief bards of singing tales of ancient Sindhi?
We've forgotten the milk.
Will you do a favour to me ?
What do you think about job?
I shall return within an hour.
It commences from next Saturday.
You explained them.
He loves his mother.
Each of these boys work hard.
I put the book on the table.
The grandmother is telling Radha a story.
Will you kindly send me any more information you get on the matter?
Everyday last week my aunt was breaking a plate.
Mr. Verma, what is the name of your city ?
Birbal is celebrated for his witty sayings.
Of all countries, China has the largest population in the world.
How was music ?
The mango is sweeter than the pineapple.
What are the girls doing ?
Sri Krishna was born in self's uncle's house.
He replied that he would come.
I don't know whether I should talk about this.
In spite of his efforts he failed.
One day while on hunt they came across a Jogi in the forest.
In the event of his hard work, he will succeed.
Little Jack Horner sat in a corner, eating his Christmas pie.
The girl we met at the party is a singer.
Does he apologize to me?
I finished my work.
How many watches have spoiled?
CICT will bear 100% tuition fees for any student who is selected for any of the I.I.Ts, A.I.I.M.S, I.I.Ms.
Do you also want oil and ghee ?
Alice wrote the letter and posted it.
The man who wanted to meet you has left.
What did they do?
Jeeves is envious of John.
Twice in a day.
Owing to drought the crop is short.
They had not been working.
Amit plays.
The weather is delightfully cool.
Mr. Krishna teaches us grammar.
I remember the house where I was born.
Do I not  work?
Nina ate bread.
I understand the joke, but Mary didn't.
One day all the six brothers roved their boats for fishing in the sea near a whirlpool known as Kalachi.
Rita is happy.
How many worries have she?
 Where can I do registry ?
Most people think I am brave to do this.
Come when you like.
hello, Is that Jo.
When do you think that John left ?
I saw the children in the playing field.
Have you seen Ganguli, the artist's drawing ?
Ajanta is a little far from our village.
He speaks very fast.
In his cross-examination he ultimately gave himself away.
"
There were a lot of famous people there: Tom Hanks, Julia Roberts, to name but two.
The hand has five fingers.
He bade them leave the house.
Ravi was angry because he had not received his books.
That you should cheat me hurts me.
These all are new students.
We have to go home.
He is rich.
His passion carried him away.
He is in time for meals.
He's been working in a bank since leaving school.
I need some salty biscuits.
But he was already married to Leela who was very dear to him.
The soldiers having arrived, the mob dispersed.
Can you clap on this occasion?
Will they have heard about Mahatma Gandhi?
I will do when I think fit.
Could my day get any worse?
His blows were cruel.
How many people travel by car?
Two dozens, give from this basket.
Are you coming home with me?' he asked.
We teach Sindhi.
Bill had left.
Will you explain why you behaved so ?
My aunt enjoyed taking the hayride with you.
Will you get success?
Our piano was tuned by Mr Beethoven.
I have little shadow which goes in and out with me.
Which magazines get published for children literature in Sindhi ?
Did Jane and Michael swap their presents?
The sides of wells are usually covered with brick or stone and there is usually some covering or a small wall at the top of the well.
I have done that much only.
Antibiotics like penicillin are of no help in mono .
I have long thought so.
His foot slipped, and this caused him to fall heavily.
How many jobs you do?
He ran so fast that I could not overtake him.
He will arrive some time.
My needs are few.
His fame has spread far and near.
You are teaching Sindhi.
Uncle arrived yesterday.
Paula went to work, a restaurant, and the movies.
I have been making frantic calls since morning, and doing nothing.
You are mistaken, or else he is.
Let him go there.
I wanted to come home.
He rules over a vast empire.
She is in love.
What is life worth ?
Will they fulfill their promise?
It is necessary that you do not wash the car.
I have a bone to pick with you.
She will purchase the book.
I went to watch the movie.
He was praised by his father.
My dad, who is 95 years old, has worked all his life.
Will they come tomorrow?
What were his comments on the nightingale’s singing?
The management is thoroughly bad.
He said to him, 'Please wait here till I return.'
They left and we returned.
They got all their friends invited.
There are moments when I feel very happy
You are a beautiful girl.
Anil became happy.
She was far more intelligent than her sister.
These grapes are not sweet.
The sound is a familiar one.
The book is on the table.
He was as white as sheet.
John says that he is leaving.
Are we sailing on the lake?
I know him.
He sells horses.
She may go out tonight.
John is terrified by his boss.
The boy stood on the burning deck.
The long and short of it is that I distrust you.
The steamer went down, yet the crew were saved.
Alcohol should be avoided while using Neupro  .
He did not succeed.
I shall go whether you come or not.
The work is hard.
Gita is taller and more beautiful than Rita.
Have you seen those people who we met on holiday?
The judgement should be delivered by the same Haji alone.
Let us vie with one another for doing good.
And she insisted her to sleep in her chamber.
He has drunk liquor.
You may sit wherever you like.
You are coming from India.
There is a very good spot for swimming in the direction in which we are going.
He requested him to wait there till he returned.
A book is a book, although there is nothing in it.
You deserve to know the truth.
Can you preach our religion?
How does she understand you ?
Here is the book that you lent me.
Three persons before Rano Mendro got lost in the maze.
How many people have not changed their dress?
I want to change this ticket.
I don't expect there to be many people at the meeting.
They speak Tamil.
Good comes from our Lord, evil comes from ourselves.
The lunch is from 2 O' clock to 3 O' clock.
Take a lamp as the night is dark.
He was horrified to think of her infidelity.
I like songs of Lata Mangeshkar.
Will you speak English?
How many police stations are in your area?
He thrashed his person with his stick.
He will not look at your offer.
This man talks most.
Nobody knows it better than I do.
I read it just after morning school.
Will you give me a pen?
I used to live in Karanchi.
She does not watch the match.
He was standing.
I have done a lot of work today.
I like reading,dancing,good music.
I know a man who has been to Iceland.
Will he meet you later?
We are studying English.
The summer was long and hot.
One who is coming here is a teacher.
Who will return the winning bet ?
Down went the "Royal George".
Make yourself at home.
Is he a chef?
Kounru also slept with him.
It is a large town.
Neither of the accusations is true.
I wrote letters.
No, I don't want anything now.
I work eight hours every day.
Don't take money from him.
What did she eat?  
When we went to the cinema, the film already started.
I need a room.
May be he would have started.
These glasses suit people with round faces.
There they found a basket.
The wages of sin is death.
Come sir, come
Will she have been cooking food since morning?
Did I hurt his feeling ?
Will I answer the question?
He was tired.
Ram went office early today.
Do you jump high?
You must go either of the two.
You can try in trial room.
He wore his usual old white coat.
This is the time to take stock of the whole situation.
If you have already decided to go, what should I say ?
You should not be angry.
Will he not be able to do the work?
Take as much time as you like.
It rained a lot.
How much kerosene do you need ?
It is a collection of short poems.
Sindhu river enters in Sindh from the north of Kashmir.
I like my coffee strong.
The fox saw the grapes.
Sally has not hurried to school.
Did John paint the shed this morning?
How many people got surprised?
It completely recovered.
All that we admired and adored before as great and magnificent is obliterated or vanished.
He will be reading a book when we meet him at his room today evening.
No madam, this is not an office.
How did you make that much progress in such a short period ?
What was good in earlier times ?
You informed them.
There was a man hiding in my garden.
Will she not go to school tomorrow?
This is George’s brother, with whom I went to school.
I have a pain here.
Roshan had seen Mohan in the market.
He is poor.
He isn"t working.
We are desirous that you should succeed.
Here is the woman whom I married.
What was the date day before yesterday ?
I heard Abdul.
The French surrendered Quebec to the English in 1759.
How does he cheat you ?
Does bird fly in the air ?
Smack went the whip.
How many masons are in your village?
Father-in-law went after having lunch with guests.
He came by this path.
What manner of man is this ?
What does she do on Sunday ?
Having returned from a business trip, he suggested new methods of work.
What is the date today ?
He hanged the painting there.
He squanders it.
He is a better doctor than painter.
He ran away then.
He is rich, yet miserable.
On enquiring he came to know of the true incident that had taken place in his absence.
Though often capricious and impertinent, she was never out of temper.
Kalinga Cables, an I.S.O 2000:2001 Company is a leading manufacturer of various types of Cables & Wires.
Do not speak so fast.
While there is life there is hope.
Is the teacher usually busy ?
Who told you ?
You should speak.
Would you tell something about the geographical condition of Sindh ?
You would have to give custom duty on this  item.
How is 'Chheja' performed ?
They do work.
I am pushed for time.
He went outside.
The vedas are composed on the banks of Sindhu river.
The lion told the fox that he was very weak, that his teeth had fallen out, and that he had no appetite.
The road is under repair.
She said to him, 'What is it that makes you so much stronger and braver than any other man ?'
Ravi couldn't beat Ram.
I speak the truth.
Haruka is working today.
He wanted to tell me something.
He has eaten two breads.
Which countries in South America have you visited?
Will Ram be going to Mumbai?
I fed you oranges.
Camels are peculiarly adapted to life in the desert.
Does he fight with you?
She is going to draw a circle.
He has a mill in this town.
Will the vacation start?
Jack has come to visit.
I go to work at 9 o'clock.
Sonu has watched this play.
Buying an old car without first inspecting it is foolish.
John has promised to be ready.
Will he be playing Ludo this afternoon ?
How was Kabir’s lunch kept for him?
The doctor has to go at 12 O' clock.
He speaks like a born orator.
But it is not true.
Which three are cities?
A doctor; that is, any doctor.
Where does your son keep monkey?
I expected him to call, but he didn’t.
Which problem did you not believe that he had solved ?
When would you return ?
A few words spoken in earnest will convince him.
I do not know what to do.
Again my mind is agitated since yesterday afternoon.
Please check my teeth.
What did the nightingale do?
John ate breakfast.
He came to me.
If he could, do you think he would help you?
This is the house Jack built.
You have tea for breakfast.
She had started.
What change does grandfather plan to make in his new will?
The boy is my cousin.
Meena showed Mohan the pictures.
Rustam is a young parsee.
Though he were the Prime Minister, I would say the same.
They feared pursuit and capture.
They can come or if they like they can stay here.
I heard the news.
The Taj Mahal, which was built by Shah Jahan, is the finest mausoleum in the world.
I didn't know that it was a circus tent.
The faithful come to this church on every Sunday
He spent the money.
Why did Harish need small house for time being ?
We went to the village which Lucy recommended.
Few historians write as interestingly as Joshi.
He went to school in a small town of California.
Dig the well here.
They didn't dare to look at one another.
He donated cows.
He wanted to visit the Golden Temple.
Please have a seat.
We have heard a strange story.
All the girls are learning English.
What does Derry hear people talking downstairs at his house?
One potter named Ratno came on the banks of the river to collect the clay.
There lived an old peasant in a village.
Mukasa forgot what he would say.
He will pay you when he hears from me.
They arrived soon after.
Will you please switch off the TV?
I gave up waiting for my friend when she was more than 20 minutes late.
The photographer could not develop the pictures I had taken in Australia.
On the way, he saw the beautiful city of Gujarat.
They are very hard working, sweet and hospitable.
Can you wake up early in the morning?
You, boys, must settle it by yourself.
You must be brave and stick to your school.
Very few cities in India are as big as Chennai.
A young Rajah once said to his Vizier, "How is it that I am so often ill ?"
Take care of yourself.
He has got through his examination.
Please give me a soap.
I am about to leave. Said the old man, "but you must dig for it."
He takes no interest in politics.
On this condition only you can save your life.
Here are some ripe mangoes.
Where is the market ?
John went into the room.
He was tired of playing.
The enemy sank the ship deliberately.
A good man and useful citizen are passed away.
He overslept himself, and so he missed the train.
The letter was written.
My name is Manohar Ahuja and he is Rajesh Tilwani.
He will be able to teach.
It is raining.
As she grew older she gain in confidence.
Seema does not have money.
Can you give me five rypees ?
This lake was inhabited by fisher folk.
The secretary and the treasurer are absent.
Rubies and diamonds shall be your toys, and your plates shall be of solid gold .
Doughnuts consist of sugar.
She wondered whether it could be true.
How many obedient students are in your classroom?
He is in the room.
Women wail loudly that king died yesterday night.
Ram is going soon.
Roshan is preparing for the exam with job.
They have been walking.
How did Shukla succeed in persuading Gandhiji to visit Champaran?
I have one sister.
I think he should have written and told us.
He made light of his friend's warning.
I cannot put up with his insolence.
My uncle asked my brother and me to dinner.
There was a temple in a village.
He did vomit last night.
In the right with two or three.
You must have enjoyed in the exhibition.
I bought it approximately a week ago.
How is 'Cheti Chand' celebrated ?
What will Max chase ?
Can you make me beautiful like you?
Bruce was lying on his bed.
A is equal to C.
What did he do to you? 
It left a long-lasting taste in my mouth.
I have saved all my books for my brothers.
I was thinking about how to circumvent him.
It is a small village in Aurangabad district.
There you will see signs of industry.
I was watching games on the T.V.
Ram will read Mohan's book tonight.
He was too much excited hear reason.
Every man, every woman, and every child receives proper medical care in India.
Rama received a fountain pen, Hari, a watch.
Many people are farmers here.
Jumping up, he ran away.
Playing cards being his aversion, we did not play bridge.
The paper is good.
Her mother said, "You must go straight to your grandmother"s cottage and not loiter on the way."
You might be thinking.
What damage is done by rubbish dumped in the seas and rivers?
He sincerely served his guru who was very pleased with him and granted him a boon.
The elephant has been caught.
Peace hath her victories no less renowned than war.
No such diseases were known in those days.
He saved the life of the Rajah.
I take great care of myself.
Did the teacher give us the test of last lesson?
He has some bills.
The thief took to his heels on seeing a policeman.
Don't trust on it.
We will ask them to come here definitely.
You have not brought the book that I asked for.
I have told you once and again that you must not read such trash.
How many policemen are following their jobs?
He is going.
It will not be working.
He was not there.
Juma cooked yesterday and ate today bananas.
But since last night, Raju's health is not well.
How did Ryder lose the carbuncle?
The children were initiated into learning in the morning.
He made over his bungalow to the Islam Orphanage.
He is to blame for the failure.
Who kicked the boy ?
How much land is needed to support one human being at the present time?
Which zone shows the highest percentage of earning from passengers?
He could not attend school because of his mother’s serious illness.
A thunderstorm often turns milk sour.
It is going to rain.
He was rude.
Grace and Jackie went to the movies after they finished studying.
He ran away because he was afraid.
He was only a yard off me.
A variety of Kebab and innovative vegetarian dishes spice up the menu.
A dog was running away with a piece of meat.
The speaker said that it gave him great pleasure to be there that evening.
My family came from Mumbai.
Will you go there?
He does his work carelessly.
What had Jack been doing for nearly two years?
John doesn't speak French.
She said she would carry my books.
The student whose phone just rang is my sister.
These are available from any child health clinic.
Amit came.
Who set you on to do it?
They came with him.
It is very humid today.
Mother did one more favor for me.
Where does she want to go ?
Do you use to stay in a village ?
She wants to go.
We tempted him with many promises, but nothing would work on him.
Had ladies also come there ?
He said that one of his daughters has entered the first year—and another will do her M.A.
She said to him, "I don't believe you."
Does she want to do something for me?
Nina received a degree and the headmaster gave her a job in the school.
The central government of India has established 'National council promotion for Sindhi language' for the development of Sindhi language.
There is not a single Sindhi person in our locality.
We were fatigued on account of having walked so far.
How many people drink wine?
I will take some, but not all.
The room size is 23by27 meter.
Does Geeta pray to god ?
John let the door open.
He never buys lunch if he doesn't have cash.
He has behaved well.
But Suhini ignored all the warnings.
He goes to the office on foot.
This is a smoke-free restaurant.
You are repentant.
When does Sita buy a pen ?
My books are with him.
You want fruits.
Make him to drink orange juice.
Father did not go to Delhi.
He preferred playing football to studying his lessons.
Will it serve my purpose?
At what time will the program start ?
It is impossible to suspect such a man.
Will he buy a book tomorrow?
If that were so, I would not have paid him.
It is crying.
Will he do ?
Do not talk like that.
Will you do this?
She came to reside there with her sister Moomal and her maid servants.
Does the train have pantry car ?
Earlier also, I applied at many places but nothing happened.
There were many boys sitting there, but everyone said that they had not seen anyone running away.
The swans were soon flying high in the air across a small village.

The time nears.
And I have little interest in cricket only.
John is busy.
Is he accusing him?
If she were not ill, she would have certainly come to the party.
Did you have cows and buffaloes ?
I will meet you at any place convenient for you.
The carriage moved on.
What is such that Anu wants to know who bought it ?
Is the man in the library upstairs ?
I do not buy bread.
My sister can read.
If he had not to go home, we would have been playing chess all night.
She forced him to sit down.
A good boy will always do as he is commanded by his superiors.
Rama is the boy whom I want.
I smell a rat.
What have you decided to do?
The horse is fed by the syce every day.
He was walking.
He boasts too much.
I called him, but he did not succeed.
He showed me a pen.
She had not brushed her teeth.
He decided to telephone Mrs Jackson, who he had read about in the newspaper.
John saw Mary.
Who told you about what ?
Wolsey lost the favour of his master.
They are standing at the corner.
A spider spins a web.
The cities that I saw were large.
John met a woman who I had been to school with.
I have kept my book on the table.
Hearing this proclamation, Beejal's wife accepted that plate.
A city on a hill cannot be hid.
What is the little girl holding?
Two and two makes four.
The child is there.
We should go home now.
She was not drawing a circle.
We were students.
How did Sadao take the bullet out of the white man’s body?
First of all, our headmaster hoisted the national flag.
Anil buys and sells horses.
He started early for his school.
Gita's brother got married in the last month.
Being intelligent is not a sufficient condition for being a teacher.
His friends were present at the station to see him off.
May I write myself ?
It's a good question.
The house owner is asking four hundred rupees per month and five thousand rupees in advance.
If only I had come one hour earlier !
The train stopped.
John pinched his wife.
Get lost, what do you think of yourself !
What do you want to talk about?
Raju gave money.
She will buy a fan.
The poor man exclaimed, "Will none of you help me?"
Had Katy spent a lot of money?
The police rarely shoot to kill.
He is contented.
His company is greatly sought after.
How many villages do you have?
I shall remain where I am.
How many washers can not wash this dress?
Shivaji overcame the enemy.
Whom did you see ?
John went to the store before Mary arrived.
We travelled to Rome by Milan & France .
Is Ram going to Mysore ?
My sister will feed our dog.
The man swimming in the lake is my father.
I want lotus root  and tomatoes
There was silence, but not like before.
Ram saw Sita going.
Will John be thinking about Mary?
I'm ashamed to ask you such a silly question.
Will you have book?
She put her arms round him.
There is a man in the room.
They recognised us.
Nina lifted up the boy.
Therefore you read out this letter  by yourself.
Does he like to play tenins ?
I’ll have you arrested.
We enlarged our house, and after we had finished the work, we moved to Hawaii and never returned.
Tushar had to drink the medicine.
She wishes the car belonged to you.
Sudha's father gave her money.
This is  a chair
I have fever.
How much credit do you think you can give to John ?
Some students like to study in the morning.
John was in the market.
He was unlucky and therefore met with bad accident on the eve of his examination.
He could clearly see distraught Koel.
I showed you pictures.
We sow that we may reap.
Ted cooked the dinner and Janet ate it.
The Sikhs fought bravely.
One cannot gather grapes from thistles.
What a tall man !
A rock portion, projecting outwards like a roof at nearly 180 degree is called a Roof.
He never took a holiday.
Ramu will bring the book, won’t he?
How was his dressing ?
Of where has the post come ?
And they are often very harmful .
John can play the guitar, and Mary the violin.
He liked his former place.
How did Holmes conclude that Bannister knew more than he had told them?
They had not heard a sound.
I must perform them.
What was the problem with Roger?
Can air blow fast?
I am unable to walk very far.
The wind blows.
Repeated thee Minister nervously, surely that's a little bit of an overstatement.
I can do this on my own.
This dog follows me wherever I go.
Helen of Troy was more beautiful than any other morning paper.
When she works early, she will wake up early.
Really, you find your necklace.
Children were playing cricket.
There is not much difference between Hindi and Urdu, but their supporters exaggerate the minor differences between them.
Chapatis are a kind of flat Indian bread.
Your father succeeded well.
One day he wanted to see his treasure.
I should feed this donkey properly so that he becomes strong and healthy.
A directorate for sports will be set up in Kerala by the government.
What had happened in the heavens?
This is the juggler whom we saw yesterday.
How many exams have you attended?
Where we were to lodge that night was the problem.
You will see that I am right.
I could have done better if I had had more time.
The film starts at 6.30 and finishes at 9.00.
She brought up the orphan as her own child.
Will the labours have been working on that house?
If we had known about the storm, we wouldn't have started our journey.
She walked home.
Juma will come tomorrow, Said the day after tomorrow.
What gift did the Maharaja get for his son on his third birthday?
I got one picture.
The Freedom Riders departed on May 4, 1961, and they were determined to travel through many southern states.
The book that Jonathan read is on the shelf.
Mohan has gone to the office on scooter.
There are 52 alphabets in Arabic Sindhi script.
You can only guess.
Is she reading a novel ?
He leads a most unhappy life.
Was she very hungry ?
I had two horses.
This village is in Aurangabad district in Maharashtra.
Ajay is about to go home.
He was killed by the robber with a hatchet.
If he had more children, he would need to earn more money.
The match starts at 9 o' clock.
The arrow fell here.
I came early this morning.
I didn't know how to answer his question.
By auto rickshaw
If I manage to get a grant from somewhere, I will definitely go to York.
His father seeing the ruler got panic and nervous.
You'll have to work hard if you want to pass your English exam.
We have a youth club in town where I often meet my friends.
What is done cannot be undone.
Must we watch this film?
I refuse to answer the question.
A playground for children is not big.
This one is correct.
He hindered the police in the execution of their duty.
Can monuments be seen during night ?
He is rich, yet he is not contented.
Winter coming on, the grasshopper had no food.
He failed second time.
He received the President's Award for  'Akrosh'.
John is not going to the cinema, but I am.
Shall I open the door ?
I am too busy now.
The books that are on the desk are mine
We asked him which road to take.
He succeeded although his success was not expected.
They borrowed the books from the library.
A friend of mine had come yesterday.
Did you have a nice summer ?
That young man has squandered away all his patrimony.
How many deserted places are in their city?
My new watch does not keep good time.
Grin and bear.
The crew mutinied and murdered its officers.
Kerala's per capita income in 1995 was $298 compared to the all-India average of $330.
Hurry up,' he said to his servant, 'do not waste time'.
The books will be sold by Anil.
You may see her at once, if you like.
We all are teachers.
But what shall I do?
He did not live many years in India.
He took the medicine.
India won by 23 runs.
The bill was thrown out by the Assembly.
Ramesh will not be able to do this job.
You might have gone.
He is over head and ears in love.
The customs were searching for drugs at the airport.
He is too proud to beg.
The child slept soundly.
The boy was disobedient, and so the teacher punished him.
It is to be hoped that he escaped unhurt.
People mainly do agriculture here.
I have often found him negligent in his work.
I am doing research work.
Speak slowly.
He succeeded in the long run.
Does my cow give milk?
He has recovered from illness, and I am glad of it.
If you do not waste, you will not want.
He was very hungry.
He admitted that he wrote the letter.
Do you have elevator in your apartment ?
You do with your might.
What is your favourite instruement ?
How many famous places have you seen?
The statue remained in the park.
Will you have a glass of water?
Winter in England sets in about December.
There is really no difference between you and me.
Where did you see Bill last week ?
The banyan is a fig tree.
Mumbai is bigger city than Poona.
They used to praise her because of her beauty.
You haven’t emptied the bin for 3 weeks.
That can stand over.
Time misspent is time lost.
How did Anjana come to know about an exhibition ?
Do not go there.
He watches TV most evenings.
How much money are you spending at the mela?
I know that he did it.
He thought fast, and soon he had a plan.
She persuaded him to do the homework, and he persuaded her to do the homework.
What is your school name?
Will you give the old man any help please?
I wonder if Cheney will run for vice president again.
Going up the stairs, the boy fell down.
You should work harder.
They are working hard.
The strain is telling upon his health.
What does John think which book will every child buy ?
Gita did all the work at home in the morning and then went to office.
No, I don't have any personal work there.
I honour him.
She jumped down off the chair.
The car was ahead of me.
That I am sitting here in the sun is very pleasant.
Did you finish the work ?
Ram does not eat two much sweets.
John killed Mary in her own house.
She was wearing a dress which was covered in blue flowers.
The work when done becomes easy.
I promise you a holiday on condition of your good behaviour.
Sudha has fever.
Is he accepting your proposal?
What was he doing ?
The long recess is for half an hour.
He died where he was born.
In fourteenth century Feroze Tughlaq used to rule in Delhi.
Pay careful attention to what I am going to say.
It would take up too much time to tell you the whole story.
We've had terrible weather since the last month.
I saw a wounded bird.
At last the truth has come out.
They are at home if they are not here.
The victory was nothing less than a miracle.
What's the matter.
Saroj was writing a letter to his mother.
The students are studying because they have a test tomorrow.
Was the cat on the roof ?
You may not wish to do the work.
Where would you go after this ?
I understood.
Does Nancy want to have a dog ?
Ila bought a red book and Nina sold a blue one.
They ride the bus to school every day.
Most people who were invited to the party didn’t turn up.
The manager will give you a ticket.
I live in this forest all by myself.
Whom do you think, what does Peter believe, with whom has Maria spoken ?
A burnt child dreads the fire.
He got the same result as before.
It is a very good advice.
Fast is a trust.
When does the Convocation come off?
I’d like you to meet Dr. Edward Smith.
Even a child can understand it.
He has risen from the ranks.
Bread and butter is his only food.
If I do any mistake then let me know.
We will win or die.
He is suffering from fever.
They are three brothers.
The boy kicks the football.
We have to go to see Kashmir.
Shall we leave right now or rest for two hours and then leave?
Which countries in South America have you visited?
Who had come last evening?
Will you show me the please?
Those clouds promise rain, we should hurry before we get caught in a flash flood.
You can write in Sindhi.
I am obliged to you for your kindness.
A special festival Phanom Rung Fair is held either in March or April each year.
He got tired of running.
I play hockey
The then king.
He acts pretty well.
He has no desire for fame.
Will you soon hear from boys?
I am not ill.
He has caught a Tartar.
Their school fees have also increased a lot.
She was correcting my mistakes.
He has been ill since yesterday.
Which country were you born in ?
But he is not.
Did you speak him at all?
It lies near his heart.
Have you been packing your bag?
Augustus probably died a natural death.
 You must have been to many places.
Don't go to him second time.
We are going to Rita.
Children who play with fire are in great danger of harm.
His parents withhold their consent to the marriage.
Since you desire it, I will look into the matter.
How many people try to give up smoking?
When does he go home?
I offered him money.
Will the train stop?
Had you carried a box?
This is the only one of his poems that is worth reading.
There are many suitable positions for you in today's newspaper.
I thought that it would be a fine day.
He is very old.
I had great difficulty in making out its contents.
She was watching a game.
Chanesar was completely unconcerned about whom he slept with.
Ravi paid Amit Rs.2000/-
The frame sets off the picture.
Why should Pammi need ghaghara and choli ?
He gave me a dog.
Can we watch TV now?
He is hardly the boy to do credit to the school.
I have only just heard from your brother that you have been ill in the hospital for the last two weeks.
I spent four hours calculating your tax returns.
You can't borrow my lawnmower because it doesn't work.
At what time did you get up ?
How many times does kids' program telecast on the T.V. in a day ?
Ram is afraid of lion.
My name is Mohan and he is Vinod.
The doctor always comes whenever he is sent for.
There Allaudin found only ashes.
He at last ran away.
The villagers were able to return.
You do not love me.
I'll tell you roughly, shall I?
Have a look at the newspaper and you will find a lot of space devoted to advertisements.
Did you do your homework ?
What is behind nation's food shortages?
He had not been washing the car.
How many students are donating blood?
Does she carry a bag?
Edison invented the phonograph.
How was home ?
My parents still treat me like a child.
When the other monkeys heard the story, they all laughed and jeered at the foolish crocodile.
The expenses are getting increased so I have to take tution.
George Washington, who was the first president of the United States, is a symbol of honesty, bravery, and patriotism.
But the sea-god cried, "Do not be afraid, noble prince, I have taken pity on you and will help you."
This is an old city built during the days of Nizam.
You can pronounce "Ph".
I ordered whatever he ordered.
We will not divide the numbers.
He was carrying a log of wood.
May be they are waiting for us there.
We will not climb a mountain.
Once upon a time, there lived a Brahmin in a village.
The police announce that the pig had been stolen.
Mary had a little lamb and took it to school.
She gave me a gift
Manju helps her friend.
George became sick last night.
Both of us will go to watch a movie.
The sun, which at mid-day was hot, made the traveller thirsty.
May we read ?
Will you buy a new dress?
A big drum was kept outside the palace.
Will my crush smile at me?
His nose had been bleeding.
If any of them spoke on the way, the turtle would fall to his death.
By whom was this done ?
Can these be packed in post office ?
No one wants to go to the theater tonight.
The lock was opened by the child.
How much is it?
Does the computer work if you use batteries?
He goes for a walk in the morning.
Abdul is as strong as his brother.
Keep your eyes open before marriage.
Don't go yet.
Does Betty do her best?
The water had boiled.
All the milk has gone sour, how can we make tea?
How many girls do gossips?
The shop opens at morning 8 O' clock.
Which examination is your today?
You switched off the lights.
You have hit the nail on the head.
He was to be here yesterday.
Helen can dance well.
I was persuaded by her to stay there.
The dog is lying on the floor.
It is certain that you are wrong.
We would be writing a test now.
I eat rice.
How much rent does the owner demand for the house in Gandhinagar ?
Does he not know that?
Mr. Verma has written two short stories this month and his wife too.
The policeman said to us, "Where are you going?"
Who did you see ?
You sat.
I should go to Bombay.
I have visited Poona.
Nothing more was heard from him so that we began to wonder if he was dead.
I am writing a letter.
I went to the place where I could find him.
Will he be beaten by me?
You know we have an author living here.
Nina is the tallest of all the girls in her class.
How could be reached to Kashmir hotel ?
You were in class.
Five million Indians travel abroad every year.
He has lost all his wealth.
He sold the ring for five dollars.
Thank you very much for the flowers.
He was cut off in the prime of life.
Ashok is eating a lot.
Yes, he has good lotus root.
Sir, take this pineapple for Rs. 3.50.
It is a mystery who can have taken my book.
Generally, the rich are more covetous to money than the poor.
I am thirsty.
Debby left home early but she wasn't able to make it to her class on time because the buses were running late.
She has told her brother to construct a house in Dehradoon.
How beautiful this lake is!
The ball rolled toward Beth.
I don't know whom Jane has seen.
This is out and away the best work on Astronomy.
I am not going to return to my job unless the manager apologises.
The prisoner was bound hand and foot.
I like fat cats.
We found the trunk empty.
You have your own house, don't you ?
First time Mohan came to Kalyan Camp with his mother.
My brother met a woman who I used to work with.
The girl who came late is my sister.
I prepared meat.
Those are easy questions to answer.
He writes legibly.
Yesterday the man wrote a letter.
The thieves who the policeman chased were tall.
This box is heavy.
Could you not go by taxi?
She is extremely intelligent.
Ram will answer this question.
He is too short for a soldier.
He was so angry that he slammed the book on the table.
If you eat too much you will be ill.
Nature teaches beasts to know their friends.
What did we do?
Ravi always aims straight for the mark.
The tongas need to be driven.
Mother bought a beautiful silk saree and I selected a salvar suit.
Why is he going home ?
Take three eggs and boil for two minutes.
The reason is not difficult to see.
The children found an egg in the nest.
Ram found out that Sita was very ill.
Will he do this work?
The knife cut Bill.
I haven't read any of the books that I got for Christmas.
As it was raining, I didn’t go to my friend’s place.
Admission letters are being sent.
I am 40 years old.
Though he was very rich, he was still very unhappy.
Which girl Ravi thinks that Ram met, Anu knows her.
No one was among the elders of the clan ready to oblige him.
How many universities are here ?
You were not carrying a box.
You and he must mend your ways.
Time which is lost is never found again.
The boys roamed in park last evening.
Stop!
She might have gone.
He has a friend in Norway.
This is an old house.
Please give one big size.
You will visit the castle.
What can I do about that.
He got up early.
George gave the letter to Miss Marple and the postcard to William.
Pam, whose children go to school, is not so busy.
9 out of 10 people in Punjab own a two-wheeler, the highest among big states.
Their request will be that they may be allowed to resign.
The wounded man was being helped by some boys.
You will not go to India.
He finished first.
I feel happy.
How did they finally catch the invisible Man?
The waves swept the pier.
Ram does not eat rice.
When he did not return Moomal got upset.
He asked a question to teacher.
He is a person of very considerable renown.
Ram and Mohan went home.
What is bothering you?
He asked me what I was doing.
The salesman called the radio a masterpiece.
Is she correcting my mistakes?
He sings well.
The game was lost.
The cat killed the rat that ate the corn.
We haven’t much time.
Storm would come definitely today.
I could listen your Sindhi.
John remained at his post.
The boy saw his mother and Maher saw the mother of the boy.
What is it that draws Derry towards Mr. Lamb in sprite of himself?
He hanged himself by a piece of cloth.
She asked his son, “why are you crying?”
Will a pencil do?
He said, "Alas!
He is abstemious in eating and drinking.
Even if he is old he is able to do a great deal of work.
He is a man whom you like when you see.
You will be able to teach.
How many players like to play badminton?
At last a stage came when he could not repay the debts.
The issue was not discussed in the meeting.
Here are your shoes; I just clean them.
I have been working for four hours.
I will myself inspect the school.
It is only worth doing well.
When does your father come to home?
The author is entitled to his remuneration.
Have we met at the gym?
Just and true are all Thy ways.
Will you be able to reach at my place by yourself ?
He wrote some fine dramas.
The child jumped for joy when I gave him sweets.
It's no sweat for me.
We are writing in copies.
He is giving notebook to me.
How old is this church ?
On the occasion of marriage he gifted Kinjhar lake to them.
Was she a good student ?
I suggest burning that letter.
I pull up 100 roses.
By whom were you taught grammar ?
Had he made a mistake?
The house of mine is a hundred years old.
A crow stole a piece of cheese.
I did it !
Why does the doctor strike?
The woman who is sitting at the desk is Mr Winter's secretary.
He was supported very enthusiastically by the people.
John considers himself to be a good politician.
India is one of the most industrial countries in Asia.
I knew that he was tired.
Why does she tell extra?
I had called him.
She kept the fire burning.
I am not afraid of the consequences.
It is reported that our troops have won a victory.
I cannot sit in language-laboratory.
There are special dreams that will never die.
Your brother hasn't come for so many days.
Ram has arrived home at 5 O' clock in the evening.
She had been there often as a child.
He has clicked the mouse button.
I go to the cinema at least once a week.
All queens spent the entire day in decorating themselves with costly clothes and ornaments.
They have not dug a hole.
Meena has to go Bombay.
Come here.
Sammy gets angry if you say he is fat.
Mr. Pathak is a teacher in the Arya Samaj School.
They told the king that Noori's brother used to visit palace every night.
Good bye.
It had rained a lot.
He persuaded him to attack Sindh.
A sufficient amount of milk.
You do not care about committing a crime.
He was very angry.
My car had a puncture.
The boy I know from school is very nice.
Are you celebrating Holi this year?
What can I tell you ?
Were my friends helping me?
I am feeling hungry.
Your father works in that factory.
The team lost the game.
Venus is a planet.
There are plenty of pins in a drawer.
The real story is that he was injured while he was hiking.
As he grew up he got married as per custom.
Why don't you come home early ?
I wonder if Bonnie has finished packing her books.
Does he speak English ?
Either you or he is mistaken.
This analysis led to quite an unexpected conclusion.
You were developing a new gadget.
I can't get out this stain.
We were reading a Sindhi book.
There is someone at the door.
As he was ambitious, I slew him.
Are you singing a song?
The sacrifice of entire country is not sufficient.
I had to meet with Gita and Sheela, but I could meet neither of the two.
Some projects are given by the government.
How can I meet with you?
She sings very beautifully.
We neared the top of the hill.
He dances well.
She thought that after the death of Bhungar Soomro her son may not be accepted by elders as a ruler.
How many posters are new?
She has a few questions.
The pizza was devoured by the boy. 
The books which help you most are those which make you think most.
Will he be watching TV?
We depend on petrol for running our cars.
Canada is a rich country.
Morriro was the youngest one.
He praised me for it.
Does Sumon write a letter?
He hoped to win the prize.
Is he preparing rice?
Will you do it now?
There were many people.
You must have got up late.
Thankyou for help.
India lost a true patriot.
Is that any better?
Ram has a holiday today.
Please accept my wishes.
He said that he would go.
You had gone to watch a drama.
Though Thomas was a richman, he led a simple life.
When we were studying in London, Shankar used to work in a shop.
Please show me my seat.
Did you make it by yourself ?
She is not Irish.
And the only penalty that awaited him was death.
Who cooked the meat ?
Will they have cleaned all the rooms before John arrives?
Can you sit down please?
She bought ten yards.
Will you care for the children if their mother dies?
How does the wedding guest not wish to listen to the mariner’s story?
What is the name of this village ?
My uncle, who was born in Hong Kong, lived most of his life overseas.
John thinks that every kid will buy his favourite book.
Have you been thirsty?
Nobody has answered the phone.
I just got a new job in the city, so I’m shopping for some clothes.
He pledged me his full support.
He got 10 out of 10.
He fell never to rise again.
If I'd realised you were going to be so sensitive, I'd have kept quiet.
How many boys are in your class?
I have just one word to say to you.
We will wait here till you come back.
How do our thoughts affect the whole body?
I think Mary will not come.
His marriage was prior to his father's death.
His mental powers were great.
He exclaimed sadly that he was undone.
The policeman blew his whistle.
His answers infuriated the elders.
John went towards the market.
His grammar is shocking.
Those boys are tall.
Can you lift this box ?
What does she say?
The mango was sweet.
Will you need help?
You don't worry.
You have been carrying a box.
Paul sent the car to the garage.
The next up train will leave here at 12:30.
That you should say so surprises me.
Do boys and girls have separate hostel ?
We played a round of golf.
I did not work.
They will buy a car.
Suddenly, the big fish broke the line and got away.
That's why I stayed there for one day more.
Circumstances will oblige me to go.
57 Ways to make India a better place.
I both thanked him and rewarded him.
He is not so prudent as he ought to be.
There was an advertisement in the newspaper.
How many poets do you know?
Is he mainly good ?
How long does the journey take from here?
The difficulty was solved by means of a special service devised for the occasion.
He weighs above nine stone.
You ought not to go.
John stayed three weeks in Milan.
That's a surprise!
If I had a degree I could get a job easily.
He is in.
After I graduated from college, I wanted to travel, but I had to go to work immediately.
Does she want to advise him?
She must be managing the affairs of home and children even better than you.
Was that guy talking to us earlier ?
Mind your own business.
I cannot consent to your going.
How does he break the window?
He sailed for New York on Monday, and arrived there on Saturday.
How does Derry get into Mr. Lamb’s garden?
Rapidly grew its present prominence in the U.S. as well as in other countries including India.
Do you have good oranges ?
He has reverted to his former post.
I have to write a letter
I consider him not to be able to win the elections.
Flowers bloom.
Was he sad yesterday ?
It was I who first protested.
All this humiliation was more than enough reason for Annirai to attack Junagarh.
He went out ten minutes ago.
We've had nothing but trouble with this car.
The concert went off well.
John was willing to go on his own.
You must screw up your courage.
How many friends will assist you ?
What is your father's name ?
Suddenly the man called the boy.
If you poison us, do we not die ?
A policeman used to come and collect hafta (bribe) every night.
Yesterday I sang a number of marriage songs.
He deserved his punishment, as he knew it.
He was stunned to see her beauty.
Is the girl's hostel far (from here) ?
They couldn't have chosen a better woman for the job if I may say so.
He showed me how they could it.
Which of the boys saw him?
Is the teacher testing our English?
I was to go there.
You will not play cards.
It was a very hot today.
I wonder what Lisi bought.
My trouble is the same as yours.
He lived carefully so that he might live long.
This story is not true.
An able man has not always a distinguished look.
Everyone must have heard about her beauty.
Which language did you study ?
Can you arrive at this place early?
Find out when the train is due.
He must be tired.
My friend Mary, who is no longer a teacher, lives there.
Mary ran in the room.
She was all partied out.
I visited Mihintale.
Does she win everytime?
He walks as though he is slightly lame.
Tom couldn't decide what to do next.
He is very rich.
It is a question of spending few rupees.
No, I'm a Japanese teacher.
Where is the cyber cafe here ?
Which woman likes every man ?
In Bombay there is no free library to speak of.
I was doubtful whether it was you.
He went only so far.
He is now gone to his final reward.
They go to their school at 7.00 a.m.
We talked over the matter for an hour.
Mahabaleshwar is cooler than Mysore.
He is the very man whom we want.
If it rains we shall postpone our picnic.
The boy ate his pizza.
The wiser he is, the better.
Chennai is one of the biggest of Indian cities.
I prefer very much that he should go now.
Then as this one contains one hundred pounds it can not be yours."
Will you not solve this sum?
Did you quit your job?
The mouse was killed by the cat.
Jumping over the fence, the thief escaped.
Indias No.1 Telecom company.
Does she speak at all?
No, no (it) is near (from here).
I forgave him.
He is teaching in this school for five years.
You have made a mistake, and of this I am certain.
They saw him to be suffered.
He is staring at me.
What is the name of your village?
You fed me oranges.
We had on the way tea of a kind.
I am afraid the young man is going from bad to worse.
He was anxious to meet you.
Do not cry over split milk.
He decided not to go there.
That bunglow is the oldest of all the bunglows.
His hopes are high.
We had opened the door.
We thought John angry.
I have been working here for ten years.
John waited for the bus all morning in the rain last Tuesday because his car was in the shop.
Henry will build houses.
John likes love stories.
If he would have come, I would have seen him.
They will be able to go.
The path was dark and gloomy.
Jeeves introduced him to the guests.
He swears a solomon oath that he is innocent.
They were teachers.
How much did you give him ?
Did you meet your friend yesterday ?
There is no charge for admission.
Tell me where you live.
Your son makes no progress in his studies.
Mohini, which green vegetables do you want?
Thus he succeeded in bailing him out.
Rama's mango is sweet.
She was standing outside her house.
I have come to Adipur earlier.
I've been using this machine for twelve years.
I don't know the reason why she is late.
Can you pluck the flowers for him?
You were eating that cake.
Will she do this work?
This separation was unbearable.
All the above have passed the exam.
He resembles his mother.
Trees still grow in Central Park.
I have to send him money every month from here.
You are not coming with me.
We paid the bill.
I know better.
We shall see when we will come back.
I know that there was dancing.
The ice melted.
Through this stratagem he buried all his treasure in the bed of the canal.
Must you go?
She would have purchased a ticket.
He has gone about 4 p.m.
He will be delighted.
He neglects attending church, though church is only few yards from his house.
They adopted him.
Don't loiter about the street.
John speaks English badly.
John laughed in London and Bill did so in Rome.
Have you come from Kolkata ?
He has to go to Bombay.
I suggest that this rule be changed.
The jury found the prisoner guilty.
I am not ready.
If I were you,  I wouldn't get involved.
The cloth has shrunk.
I prefer very much that the students should leave first.
He ate.
Ram sent the necklace to Anil.
Will you teach English book?
Blessed is he who has found his work.
Death is preferable to disgrace.
Can you take some books for two days?
Will she have been praised by her mother ?
I am preapred to forsake ornaments.
His friends condoled with him on his bereavement.
John can play something, but I don’t know what he can play.
Have they been working hard?
There were twenty people in the garden.
Knowing no better he used very inaccurate language.
Ila praised Mohan.
Then it is all right.
Hey rickshaw puller, hurry up.
What is the time now ?
Having gained truth, keep truth.
The doctors have given him up.
Does she take a bath?
They complained that they had not been fairly treated.
Who is looking after the children ?
He is very careless.
How many rich people are in our city?
The rebellion was quickly suppressed.
There was a clock on the table.
The boy runs down the road at top speed.
She herself wanted to possess it at any cost.
What a naughty dog he is!
It is hard to see into his motive.
I put it in the bin.
His father arrived soon after.
Shepherd narrated the entire episode of Sasuee to him.
God bless you.
Will Mohan be learning his lesson ?
You can sit for three hours for watching a movie but you can not sit in the class.
They can teach.
Yesterday was Holi.
Acetaminophen can be used safely by most people .
She sings well.
Maher said that Maher likes his teacher and Omar said that Omar likes his teacher.
He slept with Sarah and had sex with.
Who cooked what ?
Had she been watching the match?
The farmer has been sowing out the seeds.
If I were selfish, I would keep you always at home.
She always carries an umbrella.
All these students are good, but some work harder than others.
what an idea !
He has no boots.
He will have left before you go to see him.
Either he could not come or he did not want to.
I slept on the roof last night.
Anyone entering the garden without permission will be punished.
He is happy to come here.
Which import commodity of the India has the highest value?
Where is your residence ?
I got him to repair my car.
Don’t panic.
Where does she live?
The Ganges is a sacred river.
You should now get Mohan married off.
If they had gone for a walk, they would have turned the lights off.
I cannot help you otherwise.
Will he be able to do this?
Peon had tea in the canteen.
970 girls for every 1,000 boys go to primary school in Andhra Pradesh.
There was a speech by the Prime Minister.
I went around there with my friends to tour.
The bubble burst.
If they did win, how would you feel ?
What would you like to drink ?
Perhaps he thinks that I am a fool.
We will be there by the time you arrive there.
If he were, he would support me.
He showed much patience.
Will he read  a book?
We entered.
Maher respects his teacher and Omar respects Maher’s teacher but Zayd doesn’t respect Maher’s teacher.
They have visited Poona.
But I want an acknowledgement receipt of this envelope.
So once more he began shouting.
Ram wrote a letter to Suresh yesterday.
Give me a pen.
She remembered Mohan.
He said that the horse had died in the night.
I must be cruel, only to be kind.
He said to me, "I don't believe you."
They work here.
I have a black and a white dog.
We are eating apples.
John believes that the taxi driver is innocent.
Do you be good enough to leave me, and I have no fear but I shall soon be well.
Rama ran fast.
Many of them were late.
She reads novels.
May she go out tonight?
The storm that raged yesterday did a great deal of damage.
My colleagues and I went by this train.
I had seen Shikha playing.
She was not watching the match.
We eat apples.
We have a book.
Will he be here on Monday?
He is as superstitious as he is wicked.
I looked up and down the corridor.
He had expressed his doubt.
He was crossing the street.
Have you been to the opera this week?
My sister wanted a new coat that year.
Delaware used to be a slave state, however, during the Civil War, it refused to secede.
He would have recognised us.
We hurt ourselves.
Sanskrit is a difficult language.
Will you have been calling?
He has been ill since Monday.
The Mayor's speech was loudly cheered.
Whatever you are saying is absolutely correct.
I gave it to the man whom I saw there.
No one would give him work.
I opened window.
Ram would be going.
I eat sweets.
They were advised by a clever lawyer who was a High Court pleader.
None are so deaf as those who will not hear.
You'll be leaving us, isn't it?
You can write.
All this exasperated Umar.
This is not the least part of our happiness.
Are you a school-goer ?
The sons don't even care for their parents.
How much time does the average teenager watch T V every day?
I heard a song.
His mother gave him a rupee which he might put in his money-box.
Are you telling the truth?
My pen has been stolen.
You fed me mangoes.
They are inventing new ways of adulterating music in the name of pop and “remixing”.
I study.
My sister, who works for the YMCA, leads a very active life.
Please give me some books on Sindhi poetry.
There is a pen on the table.
He writes a better hand than his brother.
Nobody but he was present.
Was Mohan breaking rules ?
Have you seen those people we met on holiday?
The bike she borrowed belongs to me.
You will come with me.
Don’t smack a child.
Her face was redder than usual.
Where is waiting room ?
The door was suspiciously open.
He come every day at four o' clock.
Did they give you anything ?
He put books with pencils.
He must resign on pain of public dismissal.
Don’t get at his family.
I have seen this man somewhere before.
We say: I love you.
I wanted to travel after I graduated from college; however, I had to go to work immediately.
I do not know the person who called.
Please give me 2 kg potato.
Our teacher is always giving us tests.
Reptiles are cold-blooded creatures.
He will read.
There is a solution to every problem.
He has little intelligence.
Who is the chairperson of the Arts faculty ?
Does he go to school daily ?
Had we given her an apple?
I will be staying here till Sunday.
An up train.
My heart is attached to my kin.
They are very difficult.
She is a great performer.
What is the population of Sindh state ?
He counseled Allaudin to ask for the hand of Bhagi his sister for marriage as a precondition for talks.
Milk kept boiling.
How many pious ladies do you know?
What you say has no interest for me.
A Jamini Roy collection and Desmond Doig's pen and ink sketches of Calcutta's nostalgic landmark are also in display.
John thinks that Miss Alice is nice and Bill thinks that Miss Susan is nice.
I stabbed John with a knife.
 I'm fasting today.
I am told he has got into hot water.
He needs a dictionary.
I intensely dislike these habits of yours.
Our teachers also played.
The bird was killed by a cruel boy.
Rufus is a good dog.
We want a good party.
Am I sending postcards?
It is difficult to run in the sun.
Who was the bravest general, Alexander or Caesar ?
Was Tom in China some weeks ago ?
It wouldn't have happened if he had been more attentive.
Two-thirds of the city is in ruins.
Will Ram have reached Kanpur ?
They saw him to have been suffered.
He gave them no money nor did he help them in any way.
You take rest and you go on with the work.
I’m so excited to see the city!
Why did Rani not like the lives of women of earlier times ?
That hardly counts, does it?
Nirmala, he is Mr. Manohar Ramani, an engineer in Tolani Co.
The defendant's answers were misleading.
His brother came.
He is sometimes foolish.
They had not welcomed the new student.
Look at that, will you?
Having eaten our lunch, our bus went on to Chicago
I have sent the postcard.
Bombay will be visited during vacations.
There was a massacre just now
The ruler was naturally quite impressed by Phoghsen's narration of Maruee's beauty.
The school where Ashok goes is big.
Did we walk in the mountains?
Enquire for Job: if you find him, inquire him about Sarah.
Does she talk to your cats ?
How did Holmes know it was a case of murder and not suicide?
He turned the lamp low.
The cashier, having admitted defalcation, was given in charge.
The guest made merry.
The castle is well worth a visit.
The plague broke out in the city and the people moved out into the jungle.
It thunders.
We will be working.
The rain fell.
The main crops here are rice, cotton and dates.
I called Ranjan and he came running.
He has just gone out.
I have already eaten a lot.
The lecturer said, 'Akbar won the respect of all races and classes by his justice.'
Steady work is sure to be rewarded in the long run.
She perceived my weariness and dejection.
Why does he remove it?
How I did it, I don't know.
He entered the house slowly and carefully.
All types of asbestos can be dangerous .
I saw a big tent on that ground.
Does she know where he lives ?
He caught the ball with his left hand.
She has to go to Delhi.
After the ceremony he went and fell on his bed.
He appears to be working for the Russians.
Our foes are too strong.
He started crying as soon as he came in senses in hospital.
Mary, this is my friend Jim.
Once she came to meet him.
I shall not go unless you do.
She earns as much money as I do.
The ninth chapter of the book is very interesting.
He is the first great English poet.
He was in a trance and enthralled to be one with the Divine.
As he had hidden himself behind a corner of a shop.
Benjamin is not breaking the rules.
He came late.
You are going out quite a lot thorugh your office.
Meena will be happy if Rita dashes off something.
They must have got extremely bored.
He always used to agree with me.
She is to go.
I am not one of those who believe everything they hear.
I am wondering what to do with my old clothes
Will you shut the door , please?
He is rich still he is unhappy.
To err is human.
How much money have we got in the bank?
Did you like the performances of players ?
All is well.
They are always giving parties.
The merchant had great success in all his dealings, and was naturally esteemed by his fellow citizens.
Children are about to return from school.
Is it our age to learn ?
How many people from your graduating class went to college?
All the brethren were in Egypt except Benjamin.
We shall go since you desire it.
The captive was bound to a tree.
Does this car belong to you ?
He is fine.
They are almost never sad.
So he got up and began shouting as loudly as he could.
I have to cut my hair.
She had Meena show us the pictures.
Did you notice any change ?
Sweet are the uses of adversity.
It may be difficult to get the job.
The conference is to discuss 'Nuclear Tests."
Mix well.
You ordered the goods and so they have been sent.
We searched for the lost article.
You sleep all the day.
Meanwhile, Jakhro spoke about the beauty of Kounru.
I have Raju drive my car.
Though I am poor I am honest.
Gita was eating three apples.
How beautiful the garden is !
She paid to her father as her promise.
Anita was teaching.
My cat chases rabbits.
We could visit the whole city.
Still water runs deep.
I had the privilege of knowing him intimately.
I went to the movie although Bill went bowling.
Why does she chew?
What did you hide ?
He beat me with a stick.
He laughs best who laughs last.
He has a friend.
Savitri is loved by Sita.
Is your brother still at school ?
Mohan was talking over the phone.
Sudha goes to school every day.
Mr. Gupta formerly lived here.
When does the coffee house reopen ?
Will you wait till I return ?
I was on the plane from London to New york.
Show me the place.
I was shocked to hear about your accident.
He replied that he had promised to reward his soldiers and that he had kept his word.
I do not know what he wants.
I don't feel like eating anything.
Rochiram became very happy when Mohan came to Ulhasnagar.
The sky is blue now.
Do you have books for children ?
The last time I saw him he was in high spirits.
Sima sings well and Rita is proficient in playing the sitar.
We all are teachers.
I do painting on Sundays.
Please send it urgently.
Will the servant not have been called by the teacher?
Will you have time?
There are not enough spoons.
I wish that Dr Spock were here now to give us advice.
Where do you live ?
Jaam Tamachi himself found out Noori.
The student who is coming is handsome.
I think we have met before.
This boy does not listen to anyone, why shouldn't people be mad at him?
How many children are in their family?
I am fully prepared.
I am standing here only.
A big black snake lay dead near the baby's cradle.
Today was a holiday.
She understood the situation and informed her brother about it.
A Bengali groom  wears invariably a shoal crown on his wedding day.
He is abstemious in his habits.
Fred took a picture of you, and Susan took a picture of me.
Can I go to the cinema?
Have mercy upon us.
John allowed Miss Marple to go on her own.
He went Kanpur at 7 o'clock in the morning.
I am sure there are many fish in it.
By the way, who is he to you?
I can’t find the key!
He can go but I can not.
She assigned the younger one to do cleaning of the private room of the king.
I met him only once.
Will  they help us ?
I am giving Raju  medicines for two days.
The have sold the house yesterday.
The weary soldiers leapt to their feet.
Get the bag out.
They stayed for a week in Bombay.
In a decorated cardle, the picture of 'Jhulelal' and a platter having the earthern pot, the four faced lamp and 'Bahirana' is decorated and kept.
How did Mandela’s understanding of freedom change with age and experience?
He shouldn't have quit his diet, should he?
This analysis leads us to an unexpected conclusion.
Before marriage, Naon got an undertaking from Punhoon that he would stay in Bambhor only and would not go back to Kech Makran.
I am near-sighted.
Three fishers went sailing over the sea.
Can you wander in forest in the night?
Its half past seven.
On his return we asked him many questions.
These books belong to me.
The acting was also good.
Some boys were helping the wounded man.
I shall go if you agree to my proposal.
He will pay dearly for his mistake.
I predict a change in the weather.
Instead of me talking to you, you ought to be talking to me.
After the partition we wandered too much.
Talk sense!
This is not your work.
A surprising number of men stay bachelors.
Happy is the man that is content.
There is a hospice in front of the temple.
What do you want ?
I have two uncles.
He speaks to me.
So, his birthday is celebrated on this day.
Did she brush her hair?
He laughed at me.
If I were you I would stay in bed today.
It is mean to crow over a fallen foe.
The boy who fell off his bicycle has hurt his leg.
She called him a fool.
He is a fool as well as a knave.
In which book poems of Shah Abdul  Latif are found?
A woman is more sensitive than a man.
Which is the largest country in the world?
It is a story of the times when Umar Soomro used to rule over Umarkot of district Thar Parker.
I came the day before yesterday.
He is a good boy.
I had tea at Shashi's house.
They told stories about them.
I can't wait for the vacations only.
I know him quite as well as you do.
She fed me a mango.
Why is your shirt dirty ?
Who did she go home after seeing.
He immediately rushed to court.
Sushma ate apples.
I thought I should meet you.
The teacher said to him, 'Do not read so fast.'
His attack was repulsed by armies of Rai Diyach.
Since you say so, I must believe it.
How does the thief think Anil will react to the theft?
My sister forced me to eat the sweets.
The woman he likes is married.
One day Bassanio came to Antonio.
The sun having set, the army stopped to rest.
She would be disappointed if we didn't bring her a present.
Where is cobbler shop ?
All this failed to move Rano.
Javier conducted the experiment and documented the results.
He will come if you call him.
I found the rock which the robbers had hit John over the head with.
Having sent the invitation, I felt a sense of relief.
That aggravates your offence.
Lily played football, so Tomi went shopping.
My sight is as keen as yours.
Are grains cheap or expensive ?
The explorers were frozen to death.
He enters the class.
Was she there ?
Can I do anything?
Our eyes are refreshed with the green fields of Britian.
I sent a letter.
Which pictures of himself does John think that Jane will sell ?
What day is today ?
I came on time.
you have done the reverse of what I desired you.
How does the poet describe some of the children in the classroom?
Anna was not opening the window.
We switched from aap to tum and then to tuu.
Whose car is that ?
If Ghandi had not been born, India would perhaps still be a British colony.
I haven't asserted it that he had won.
I had a terrible cold on Thursday.
I got two rupees.
Next day early morning when Sasuee woke up she did not find Punhoon.
I ride all the horses in this stable.
Can you fight with me?
What did John do to the shed yesterday?
Does he show you a picture ?
At an early age he made his mark as a chemist.
The temperature of your body is not high.
John's brothers invited each other.
The reason why he failed is obvious.
Animals were dying of thirst.
Ravi bought a book and Ram gave it to Nitin.
Carol , who is only 9 years old, plays the piano brilliantly.
No one was there.
Don't shut the door.
Wait till I return.
Her friend went and informed about the situation to her father so that both may be got married.
Rama had a wide knowledge of the business.
The streets of Mumbai are narrower than those of Ahmedabad.
They were thanking their mum.
He broke the rules without any intention of doing so, but it does not follow that his punishment was wrong.
I am thinking of going to Malaysia.
How much will it cost ?
The dog jumped onto the chair.
What did they fight each other for ?
What happened next.
Mira, what are those?
Are you not sleepy yet?
John cut at the rope.
He failed in everything that he laid his hands upon.
What do you think about the present politicial situation?
How much money are you going to need? 
What are you looking at ?
I have not seen him since.
She wore a diamond necklace.
How many times a day should I feed my dog?
The man is poor, but honest.
I've earned my own living since I left my college.
Thanks.
Saidi gives books to his older brother, and clothes to his older sister.
Euclid proved that the three angles of a triangle are equal to two right angles.
The girl who is learning how to drive is still twelve years old.
My elder brother is coming.
He was so indolent that he could not be successful.
Rama may be in the house.
He prevailed over me in the dispute.
We would have gone for a visit.
His salary is under 6000.
There are girls in the hostel.
They delayed the distribution of wheat.
Which is the most famous monument ?
Do they not work?
When do we have to go ?
How many people are laughing on me?
He never tells a lie.
I can't forget the kindness with which he treated me.
You won't tell anyone else all this, will you?
Did you eat apple ?
Ila bought a red book and Nina sold a red pencil.
Abdul played skillfully.
What was the tone of the speaker?
I am never late for school.
I hurt my knee yesterday.
The offerings are placed in front of the goddess.
The man in the house is my father.
Do noble deeds, not dream them all the day.
Ratna Sood, who lives in Delhi, is here these days.
Who lent you a car?
Do you know the man who is speaking on the phone?
He behaves best.
They had a small farm also.
The child bought bread.
The old woman sits in the sun.
Carol picked up her jacket.
Mohini went outside.
Being a very hot day, I remained in my tent.
The girls came running.
Why does the cat like Bill?
Where are the plums that I put in the fridge?
This cloth is thicker than that cloth.
Axocet may harm your liver  .
Does Malti weep?
This was a mean and dishonest action.
What is it ?
Are there not Assamese students in Sindhi Class?
She was singing Sindhi song.
It is strange thing how little, in general, people know about the sky.
The egg which is in the nest is brown.
Open here.
Raju went home and had lunch.
Let me try if I can spin also.
They were waiting for more than an hour.
But now we are Sindhi students in a language Centre.
You do not remember your child’s birthday.
A boy ate an apple.
I would have distributed sweets.
There must be a way round the problem.
As long as people won't change their attitude this problem will remain the same.
The public will learn with astonishment that war is imminent.
How many dialects are there of Sindhi language ?
Tommy couldn't answer the last question.
The moon rose before the end of their journey.
Unless we pull together we cannot succeed.
The big fish suddenly broke the line and got away.
Where are you off to, carrying a bag ?
The house in which I live is very old.
Jonathan has a little sister, with whom he plays all the time.
It costs twelve rupees.
Why does she eat unripe mangoes?
I thought as much.
At what time did you meet Mohan yesterday ?
I shall return in an hour.
I want jaggery and tea.
If my boss calls, please let me know right away.
She was very surprised.
What do you think I am ?
Has he acknowledged you?
How many people want to buy this car?
This food is cooked by Sita.
Dont you know the way home?" asked I.
I do not know from where to seek help.
You are an educated person so you know that along with the progress, man has been cutting trees to build factories and houses.
I have come here to give lecture on the history of Sindhi theatre.
Did your brother have a long vocation ?
Let us be honest during that time.
Oscar left his wife on Monday and Felix did so on Saturday.
The siege lasted a week.
Sindhi  is one of the  Indo-Aryan languages of the Indo-Iranian branch of the Indo-European language family.
Anil made Ram cut the tree.
This is the boy whom I punished last week.
This discussion is hardly relevant to the subject.
It had three dogs.
I am not feeling as fatigued as you are.
Stop!
It wasn't much of a film, was it?
Did things turn out ?
I will come.
Every girl dreamt of him as an ideal husband.
Will you come with me?
I usually travel on bus.
They have not been planting trees.
You were a teacher in Saraswati High School.
I wish to confess to my crimes.
Where do you disappear for months?
I would not use your scented oil.
The vegetables are also not cheap.
I liked rice a lot.
Does your shopkeeper deceive you?
She sang well in the concert.
Which decade shows minus growth rate?
Is Sindhi language also being taught in your university ?
Why does he resign?
His brother is already there.
Our students are with us.
Before I pay you what is due you must sign this receipt.
Neither Abdul nor Karim has done his lesson.
He must confess his fault.
You go to Shimla yourself.
We wrote letters
Who told you about which one ?
He sets traps every night.
All the three decided that Chanesar's minister Jakhro should be approached in this matter.
He has walked twelve miles.
He rarely goes out without his backpack.
I found your purse under the sofa.
Will they have done the work?
Savita has a very good cook now.
She was going.
The girl ate apples and so did her brother.
In the city of Ujjain there lived a Brahmin named Madhav.
It is all Greek to me.
I gave it to Peter, who is my close friend.
How many naughty children’s are breaking the door?
John heard Mary.
But these days children also do not want to study.
The situation seems to have got quite out of hand.
Just how much time have you been devoting to this?
Is this your book ?
Bhagi was conveyed this message.
The wall is thick.
He is one of the cleverest boys that have passed through the school.
I have stayed in hostel.
The man grew vegetables naturally in his garden.
They waited (for) about an hour.
Father get up early in the morning.
He said (that) he was unwell.
The latter part of the book shows signs of hurry.
Will your account be cancelled unless you pay your bills promptly?
I myself heard the remark.
The alarm went off.
To support his statement he showed him costly necklaces studded with precious stones and gems.
How will you go to school ?
Beware of that fellow !
I cannot say this.
Albert has played squash.
Jane took me to the airport.
Jeff and Linda had not been cycling.
Who did this?
He speaks Arabic and Persian.
I said I didn't believe you.
If you had left earlier, you would have caught the train.
We thought him a rascal.
Without realizing this, the disciples thought him to be their Guru and cut him into pieces and started cooking.
Blessed are the merciful.
Was she working?
Had she hugged her little brother?
And the same scene repeated at his brother's house also.
One day I met him in the street.
I have told you only after deducting ten percent.
There were riots in many places.
An army of ants will attack large and ferocious animals.
Have you realized your mistake?
If he stopped smoking he might get fat.
She is a world-famous singer.
What did you discover, why won't Mary come ?
He can work this sum.
John seems to be believed by everyone.
I know her.
A ticket will be given you by the manager.
My arm is hurting badly.
I walked with him to the station, where we parted.
He stayed at home because he was ill.
Juma carried a child, and Kamau carried too.
He said that he had come to see him.
Did they work hard?
She further explained that after his birth, his parents had taken him to visit villages and had visited Maleer too.
Over blessings come from above.
I am convinced of the necessity of prudence.
Having finished his work, the student went to town to see a movie.
But Chanesar was adamant.
Exactly so, Said Alice.
We were going to school.
The sight of a sword gives pleasure to a man like me.
I bade him go.
It does not matter much though we happen to be late.
She will have eaten rice.
The street of some of our cities are noted for their crookedness.
The horse reared and the rider was thrown.
Rama is our fast bowler.
I want the car ready tomorrow.
Do you work somewhere ?
He was horrified for he saw blood stains in the floor and no sign of his child.
I was afraid that If I asked him again and he may refuse.
It's no use worrying about it.
That dog is the happiest dog I have ever seen!
Deepak wrote a letter to his friend.
Which two contents are contained by tea?
I am Sindhi
It is on my way home from work.
Neither Ravi nor Ram was there.
Big companies of many countries have come there and have put up their own products for exhibition.
Which picture do you like?            
Yes.
You waited outside.
I sold my car for under its half cost.
Paul likes football and David likes chess
May I come in, sir ?
The jury found him guilty.
Who lives there, I knew the fact that he will not come.
Can I borrow some money?
At Rome we must behave as the Romans do.
Have you finished your work ?
He went with knife.
Tell me your age.
I gave him no cause to break with me.
Had you been repairing the car?
Couldn't you go by taxi?
They flattered him.
If only I knew more people!
The paint on the bench you are sitting on is still wet.
Are you going to be hungry?
Shah Abdul Latif is the omnipotent poet in sufi poets.
They will be able to read Sindhi book.
The rope which was old snapped.
He at last got the opportunity of meeting him.
It is possible that I'll come tomorrow.
He came with Ram.
Bring that book.
She has refused the offer.    
Neither I play nor I sleep.
He is struck down with paralysis.
I will work.
Can you choose a pen?
I have found the book that I had lost.
Was he to see her again?
Ravi wonders who you think will come.
The way you are studying, it will be difficult to get good marks.
We are to be taught.
He doesn't like tea.
John looked for the book.
For the sake of their beliefs, the Puritans emigrated to America.
Am I eating too much?
You asked them.
I will go.
People were clapping.
She has never asked a favor of anybody.
Three students came to the party.
The children are eating lunch.
He has gone down to the river to bathe.
Can he play the trumpet?
Where will we get tickets for Indore ?
The weather being fine, I went out.
He must have seen the Taj Mahal when he went to Agra.
If the sun's rays are strong, our skin burns.
He washed neither his hands nor his face.
He is little known outside India.
They showed a Sindhi fim after the lunch.
He is slow to forgive.
The cat chased the mouse that ate the cheese.
You could wash the dishes, couldn’t you?
How many classes have we attended?
We try to solve their problems in proper way.
From July.
Please do not talk to him when the carpenter is working.
Here is the pencil.
We may pay first class fare.
He might come today.
I've been there but I'd never seen you.
Our fearful trip is done.
You sang songs.
Which are the best?
They were wet.
Whom did the horse kick ?
He was a amiable amusing fellow.
This story is believed by the villagers.
What a delicious flavour these mangoes have !
Silver, as well as cotton, has fallen in price.
Drinks are on the house.
He was driving fast when the accident happened.
The horses have been running for an hour.
It is the name of the month.
I live in Kalyan.
We do ask people to keep in touch with us.
It was not necessary for me to meet him but I met him.
He jumped from his seat.
This child has fever.
How wonderful !
What does Nehru say about our past customs and traditions?
This is as good if not better than that.
Ila gave a child to the mother.
He gave the boys much wholesome advice.
What is most likely to please you?
Your story is far from the truth.
Did she write poems?
Uncle is not interested in this game.
He could not escape from the net.
He works.
The tempest blew the ship ashore.
He is the richest man in our town.
It is our duty.
How many books are your favorites?
I was hearing the sirens as we danced.
Being dissatisfied, he resigned his position.
I dreamt I was in love again.
Which country did Danny Casey play for?
Ravi was eating a banana.
Tell me your address.
How did the ancient mainer stop the wedding guest?
Prof Jones mostly likes the student who is the smartest in the class.
Patricia is the eldest of the Vicar's family.
His partner threw cold water on his scheme.
Who else was with you ?
Was she not talkative ?
Will you see the movie?
I beat my head and breast.
There are twelve months in a year.
How do I change your office ?
He had been sick.                  
How many people have failed?
This was happening when he arrived.
I want to eat.
She pronounced the word.
I am not agree with you.
What books does she read?
He was upset.
The teachers are efficient.
Who knows where Maria bought what ?
The king's laughing made his minister feel bad.
We will get the report today.
Wait a minute, can you ?
They had stop to release prisoners.
They have not counted their pens.
All shops of sector 22 used to be closed on Monday.
Some praise the work, and some architect.
Did he say anything about it ?
But why are they listening to kaka Meghraj ?
I think that he asked something to John.
The book is old.
Only Hindus are admitted.
Will the boys have been gossiping since morning?
I’ve got a history exam next week and need to start studying.
Meena, are you also Gujarati?
The High Court set aside the decree of the lower court.
He yielded to superior force.
He made a vow that he would fast for a week.
How many hawkers are in your street?
People who pay their debts are trusted.
How does Tishani Doshi describe her journey from Madras to Kashmir ?
He did not understand what you were saying.
Raju took away the books.
Why not read a book?
The car that was stolen was a BMW.
How many people are clapping?
Wolfing down his pizza, the boy barely noticed the pepperoni on it.
It is bad to eat chocolate often.
Your book is there.
What does it show?
Marry took a book from John.
He used to look handsome in that dress.
He gets along fairly well.
The results are out.
You are three years younger to me.
What is he doing ?
Had she been sitting on a chair?
She liked the movie.
The house that we rented in London was fully furnished.
When the Brahmin approached, the first thief said, "Why do you carry a dog on your back?
When the sun set he returned home.
Does he smoke?
I have travelled many hundreds of miles with them.
You had gone to library yesterday.
You are very hardworking.
Which are the famous love stories in ancient times?
He promised to go into the matter.
He told them that by evening all should be ready.
When I next see him, I shall speak to him.
It has been never this much hot before.
I understand you want a vacation.
However cleverly you may cheat, you will be found at last.
Both of you were on leave.
They live on an island.
What’s your name?
The thief got away with my cash-box.
Rama has hurt his ankle and will not be able to play to-day.
We did not know that.
Does his head ache?
These days even pulses have become so expensive that common man cannot even eat pulses.
We are few, but we are of the right sort.
The children appear happy
Will you not take coffee?
Yesterday we brought a new TV set.
Who loves his mother ?
But I am glad to know that the worst is now over, and you are much better.
Karim is tall but Abdul is taller.
Ram knows about Rama's coming.
Mary was drawing a circle before John laughed.
You have done well.
We shall now begin to work.
He devoted himself to public affair.
He is above all bad habits.
Ram has given the book to Mary.
And then he went to meet her in her chamber.
Will Ramesh have eaten his breakfast by then?
You mustn't sing.
IS Sarita really bored with her studies?
You can't do the sum.
He practiced daily and so became an expert player.
I bought a new car that is very fast.
If he is at home, I shall see him.
I believe,' said he, 'that we are in this country among a people whom we like and who like us.'
A man who is dead needs no riches.
My father may be sitting in the shop now.
He killed the cat with a knife.
Mohan could not control himself.
Please talk to me in Sindhi.
This is the boy that I told you of.
I ought to know it, Becky modestly said, "I taught it in a school, and my mother was a Frenchwoman."
You might have gone to office.
People of that kind no longer exist.
Cars were polluting the environment.
The policeman is not arresting the thief.
Alright, at what time will you get up in the morning ?
You do not know him better than I do.
I will need a ghaghara and a choli for that.
The excuses will not pass muster.
Does he bear a child?
Wherever you go, you can always find beauty.
He had a lance in his hand.
Was there a problem with my homework ?
Those with divine spark in their hearts will only be able to meet the master.
After finishing Volume One, we began to study Volume Two.
I am not concerned with how expensive or cheap a car is, whichever is capable of taking me from home to office and back is all right.
They found him guilty of murder.
We went to the soccer game and as soon as we arrived it started to rain.
Sima is going to Bangalore for studies and I, too, am thinking of doing the same.
His wife never quarrels.
The hillock broke into two parts.
He said, "The horse died in the night."
Even though I forbade him, he went on singing.
I am rather busy.
He had come to the room.
He will purchase the book.
How many students are brave?
You cannot pump the ocean dry.
How many cooks are cooking the food??
Here is the book.
The bird was killed by a cruel boy.
I used to read.
I'd love another cup of tea.
Young people like this music.
During the reign of Dalurai, near Thatta in Sone Milani, a person named Obhaya used to live.
We witnessed it in Sindhunagar also.
The tree was cut down by the man.
I love discovering new places and new people.
There are 50 flats in our society.
He arrived after the meeting was adjourned.
Soon the floods retired.
Even so our adulterating brothers are not content.
They will dance in the party.
How much is the distance from Calcutta to Delhi?
He is far and away the best bowler in our eleven.
I have eaten.
During that time a king named Nand ruled there.
Raju you didn't tell us.
How many rose do you have?
That boy bowls very well.
Now he must go back to his palace and leave her to face the fate.
Our father says so.
I do not mean to read.
The book that you gave me I'd read already.
He can be conquered only by humility.
Will Rohit do his work?
I do not expect such treatment at your hands.
I like you better than I like him.
John is very fond of music.
I stopped the carriage at the door.
Intially all our relatives got settled in Gandhidham.
Tell me who had beaten you?
The girls gave the answers.
And they both became quite friendly.
This is the most useless of all my books.
They were asked not to park in front of the house.
My boss, who is very nice, lives in Manchester.
We will not eat fish.
I had my room prapered.
Please relax now.
Will the Police catch the thief?
Finally, a PC processor that's a one time investment.
We should certainly listen to you.
The wind is cold.
How much will it be according to the meter ?
The question came up before the Municipal Corporation last week.
Did you finish your job ?
We should go there tomorrow evening.
If Gita wants to come, let her come soon.
It’s so cold !
How do the tiger look?
Annirai used to rule near Junagarh.
After division it became a part of Gujarat.
She is giving a paper.
She saw a man in the barn
What a beautiful scene this is!
There is much sense in what he says.
I learn Sindhi.
They are to go.
Allow me to say.
I am not afraid of it.
Will she like to play football?
Switch on the television, please.
Sudha is a member of the Lok Sabha.
She saw her while going by bus.
Okay sir, take the amount.
How many students are doing their homework?
I haven't worn low-heeled shoes since I was at school.
Time makes the worst enemies friends.
Raju saw the dance of Bhagat Kanwarram.
He has been taught.
He's not quite right in the head.
She will go to Sindhunagar on Sunday.
Who was looking after the cat when we went away?
What did the girl do ?
The big dog barked when I arrived.
He was afraid of convicting accordingly.
He said that one tongue was enough for a woman.
I agree to your proposals, for I think them reasonable.
I could swim across the river when I was young.
Those people arrived suddenly today at seven o’clock.
By which train did you go from here.
Does he climb on the tree like a monkey?
Ram killed Ravan in the battle.
The traveler said, "Can you tell me the way to the nearest inn ?"
Will Mohan have been doing this for two years?
Rajni likes only laughing people.
Are you not in a hurry ?
I'm sorry
The sun rises in the east.
Today you are the owner of two big industries.
You can study or play all day, but you are not allowed to go out of the house.
I sent my best friend a letter.
Have you ever seen such a blue sky?
You will come with them.
Can I ask some questions?
The man has already written his letter.
A boy who was going to market is my brother.
He must work very hard to win the first prize.
During the Moghul rule in India a famous potter used to stay in Gujarat city of Punjab.
This infuriated Palino immediately sacked him and Maruee was betrothed to khetsen.
What is Brazil to you?
How many walls are in their office?
Always speak the truth
Will the prime minister not be delivering a lacture at this time?
The notice was published in order that all might know the facts.
It is hard to get on with a suspicious man.
I saw the book.
He asked where she had gone.
How happy we were when the dawn came and our flag was still there!
I was so glad to get your letter yesterday.
what have you learnt about Sindhis ?
It is hard to believe Bill to be insane.
He orders me about as if I were his wife.
She sings ghazals.
He sat outside on a stone in the compound.
As it was beginning to rain we waited a while.
My friend Asha Deshpande and her friend, Meena Patil.
She sometimes blames her brother in laws who had treacherously abducted Punhoon.
This work is very difficult.
Which picture did Henry paint, the left one or the right one?
How many days can you read newspaper regularly?
He must not be late, or he will be punished.
My sons, said he, "a great treasure lied hidden in the estate I am about to leave you."
She was wise as well as very beautiful.
It is correct that it is very hot here in June.
He sells mangoes.
Have you finished working on that report?
She was very beautiful.
Come, if you wish to.
Should I go there ?
How she report a theft ?
Amit started his legal practice here after he returned from London.
But now many villagers are progressing.
How many students are wasting their time?
Nobody will help you but me.
Will you be sleeping this time tomorrow?
I knew that we should find you here.
I entrusted my keys to him.
I love the pie, because it is delicious.
He reads all the novels of Scott over and over.
The innocents were punished as well as the guilty.
When will Rita come back?
The cage was stuck in his mouth.
This question isn't easy.
Is it going to rain ?
He was working.
He got up the bed and started crying on.
I hope the swans do not talk.
Was Grandmaa in the garden ?
Tomorrow, I have an interview for a Hindi officer.
Tim Berners-Lee invented the World Wide Web, which has become an essential part of our lives.
I want to roam this city.
The young girl threw the boy the ball.
A big wooden box was made, the child was put in it and set afloat in the canal.
Has she been pushing her bike?
Can you fly in the sky?
We are three doctors.
Did he run away ?
The girls fried pooris.
Ram did his homework and Nina her exercise.
When you leave, please close the door
Has it been raining for 7 days?
You spent the money.
The children started dancing and singing.
A good book needs to be read.
This beautiful house has been lived in.
In which school do you study ?
Please put out the light.
How much will I play ?
A live ass is better than a dead lion.
Is the branch of this bank in Hyderabad ?
Will he be going  abroad?
You are sometimes tired.
He could not do much of it in fact.
She asked me.
The year was spent in visiting our rich neighbours.
I was told this.
And the fame of her beauty spread far and wide.
I sent a letter to my best friend.
The boy was tired, therefore he went to bed.
Does she do this on her own?
Where can he have gone ?
Put the chair where the table is kept.
Since that day he has been in bad odour with his neighbours.
Will he punish you?
Your clothes are dirty.
I am reading Sindhi book.
There were some good programmes on the radio, none of which I listened to.
Have you jumped high?
Hunter College, which is located at 68th and Park, is part of the City University of New York.
He was still in a state of shock.
I know the man who is here.
Against the wishes of his family he left school.
Since when have you taken to smoking?
How many are on our ration card ?
The boy said that he would go with us.
Please change the channel.
The businessman whom I saw last night was very rich.
Is Henry building a house?
To this both said yes three times.
I do not know whether he is innocent.
They have taught their tongue to speak lies.
John thinks that Bill knows where Mary bought "Pigs in Heaven" and Harry thinks that Bil knows where Mary bought "The Bean Trees".
Labours could not lift this rock.
He lives in Hyderabad.
Six bottles should be enough.
The people rang the bell for joy.
How does Brutus quiet Cassius’ fears?
He is not harsh in the execution of his duty.
They supply vitamins to keep you healthy.
He is on the committee.
He found a rupee, and was delighted at his good luck.
His courage forsook him.
There’ve just been some men arrested.
He's a talented footballer.
He must not watch TV.
The longest lane has a turning.
Have you ever seen him since ?
Can we get food?
Who do you think she is ?
Did he do his homework yesterday ?
Does it hurt when you chew ?
He crashed into it.
The papers were strewn about the room.
The story is well written.
Will this be done ?
You could do it.
The gifts are being sent.
When will you come back?
You are visiting the castle.
Which three are insects?
There are ten tractors in this small village.
I wish I were young again.
How did this experience affect Douglas?
There is too much shortage of houses nowadays.
Have I been hungry?
He has read Milton through and through.
I need half kg tomato.
His friend having helped him he is prospering.
Whom do you like ?
Is the school open today ?
She wants John not to deliver the books.
The birds have no water that they can drink.
I kept the book wherever you asked.
I like him all the same.
How many beggars we have seen?
In which room is Mrs. Nandwani ?
Usha Kiran is not taller than some other buildings in the city.
I would have shot the snake if I had seen it.
Ravi fell off the car.
That he wished to repair his fortune by a wealthy marriage with a lady.
Will you try to write better next time?
My proposal is better than the proposals of all those people.
The boys gave a loud shout which was heard across the river.
If you would have come to me yesterday then I would have given books to you.
Has he paid cash?
I have written the book.
You should have told me so before.
I had seen him last five years before.
What is better, honour or riches ?
It is nothing else but pride.
I was speaking in Sindhi.
Has she fed the cat?
Which book do you think John will read first ?
We bought the cars whose windows we broke.
You read Sindhi newspaper.
We often went there.
I am leaving now.
Am I spending unnecessarily ?
I will be able to go.
Solomon was one of the wisest men.
The French fleet was defeated by Nelson.
There is no Hindu but knows the story of the Ramayana.
They have not been concentrating on the task.
You must first sit comfortably.
He switched off the radio.
Ram was learning Sindhi.
Central A.C. systems from Carrier.
Currently, the guild has 713 members in 14 countries.
The nearest railway station is two miles from here.
Ram had a fever.
Is it going to rain?
The students were seated and ready, however the teacher was 15 minutes late for class, because he had to go to a meeting.
Is it time for the train to start ?
The bell rang loudly.
He must either work or starve.
Be steady.
I opened the door so she could come inside.
The builder, who erects very fine houses, will make a large profit.
The train has left.
He lives at 48 Tilak Street.
What does Mario celebrate in September?
The girl who is good is my friend.
How many students are in Marathi and Gujarati classes?
Can you spare some time to think over this matter tomorrow ?
He learns Sindhi.
I really want to go.
I stay on first floor.
Which country has the longest highway in the world?
A brand of ruffians entered a village.
Which phone to buy?
They must be having profit and loss in business.
How many brothers do you have ?
Can you bear all of this?
The man works.
Whom did you see?
As soon as he got the telegram, he left in a taxi.
Well, what is it? he sharply asked, "It wants winding up," said his partner.
She must have laughed a lot.
Who would have thought of it?
The sailor told us the direction of the wind.
She had to go.
Give me the book and I will read it.
I am reading a newspaper.
Hari asked Rama if he had read the letter.
Each of them had their share.
The factory turns out 20,000 lbs of cloth a day.
Where was he ?
How was your Hyderabad trip ?
The sun caused the leaves to range from green to brown.
Everything takes its due course only.
Many persons were carried off by plague.
No Sir, I am Maharashtrian
Please show your passport.
The marriage procession reached the outskirts of the village.
They left the house to go for a walk after tea.
Take the stairs from right hand side.
I picked him up after dinner.
Whether we can start tomorrow seems uncertain.
We grow mangoes.
He had just arrived.
His house has been burned down.
He cannot find a place to sleep in.
She was laughing.
I am dead man, Hardy, said Nelson, "I am going fast."
We admire the brave.
Mohan listened to his maternal uncle carefully.
How many entertaining books do you want?
We saw that the window was broken.
I hear that your brother is in London.
We .will stay there for two or three days only
Haven’t I visited the zoo?
He went and I came.
I don't know anything whatever of the matter.
How many dresses does he have?
She has not pronounced the word.
A tortoise lived in a beautiful lake in a forest.
They did not count their pens.
Do fast.
John wanted a new bicycle.
What a stupid man he is!
You were always a great reader, and I am glad that your eyesight remains as good as ever.
Take the garbage out of the house.
How many efficient nurses are in your hospitals?
Do you keep picture postcard ?
I don't remember who said what ?
Appenines are in Itlay.
The dog jumped.
Kindly prepare the bill.
On top of being dull, he's unfriendly.
She watched this movie.
I didn"t work.
The house was surrounded by a wired fence.
There is time enough and to spare.
That boy will complete the work.
Where is the boy whom you pushed out.
He is leaving India for good.
All men must die.
Does she want to build a house?
What’s your surname ?
What did John see ?
Will John leave Seoul?
And give me a telegraph form.
From whom have you taken this ?
Having run, he came to me.
What does the poet wish for the children of the slums?
He is intent on visiting Norway.
I know car- driving.
I have not seen him once.
Who do you think will arrive first ?
India has 45,000 historically significant buildings.
Work as hard as you can.
He was very proud.
Girls are playing in the playground.
You didn’t give a detailed account.
I'd have bought the bigger model if you'd told me there was a problem.
Shyama is taller than Rima.
The students were seated and ready, but the teacher was 15 minutes late for class, because he had to go to a meeting.
No one sings the blue like she did.
Where did Jane go on holiday last month?
They will congratulate the couple.
Grammar is taught us by Mr. Krishna.
I've only been there once.
He is seeing Joe tomorrow.
Ravi bought a mango and it turned out sour.
Will you pass the exam?
We had not been enjoying our holidays.
You can only guess.
You will get an earful when father comes.
Having heard the news, he quickly sold his brother's record collection.
Make less noise.
It was expected by the Romans that they would conquer Carthage.
Bring a good Sindhi book for me ?
We found the house deserted.
Grain is very expensive this year.
As Caesar loved me, I weep for him.
He gave the heavy cooking-pot.
Does he want a neat and clean home?
To his utter amazement as the swine entered the water of canal, water in front of him got dried and made a way for him.
Can you listen me?
He arrived soon after.
A stone inscription reads in part, This Muang Sukhothai is good.
I am frying pooris.
If I have enough time, I'll watch the football match.
Does she draw a circle?
He didn't want to eat, though.
He cooked it and took it as a gift to Suhini.
Apart from the farm, what else did you visit ?
Leave your coat in the hall, will you?
Am I behaving differently?
The airplane is fast and dependable, and it is ready for any emergency.
It cannot be true.
He said that he would be late.
You proved to be very clever.
Have I been working?
She got up late.
The crocodile wanted to catch the monkeys as prey.
Come here.
He didn't hear the telephone.
How many cinemas do you want?
This story is untrue.
How does our land get contaminated?
Who do you believe did this ?
Which flower do you like best?
He will come to your office.
She had tea.
My daughter is at school.
He was afraid to tell the truth.
Will you be going to Ram's birthday party?
Did we eat fish?
He never made a name.
Which is the best restaurant?
You don't know Rama ?
Amit put the letter in the mail yesterday.
The king was warned of his danger.
He waited near the theatre.
Ravi wears white clothes.
The leaves of this tree fall once only.
In his ignorance he followed the wrong course.
I like you better than he likes you.
The performance was not up to the mark.
You are taller than I thought.
These are the boys whose exercises are done well.
The twins don't look alike, which puzzles me.
A Plane shot across the sky.
I am not going to get up early.
Maher said that Maher likes his teacher and Omar said that he likes Maher’s teacher.
Please take it from chemist.
It’s pointless to discuss with you.
Those with ego and pride always failed to realize the truth.
They are impatient to start.
Shakuntalam is the best drama in Sanskrit.
All his friends laughed at him.
Did I hurt your feeling ?
He is a well-known writer.
What did he tell you, where did the two children go ?
He asked whether he might have something to eat.
One should study for two hours.
How do you know that the nightingale was getting ready to sing?
He was obstinate therefore he was punished.
A small, muscular sac attached to the liver .
Please bear with me.
Any illness should be treated immediately .
We are very pleased to see you here.
I know him as a boy.
You will find him very sensible.
The means employed by you is sufficient.
They were lavishly entertained with choicest food and wines.
What a large nose he has !
The plane will arrive at 3.30.
May I read?
I went to the shop to buy some bread.
That book is hers.
He has gone out five minutes ago.
He sleeps during lectures.
Men may exercise harder, but they may not exercise as regularly as women do.
I have two rooms flat.
The weather is pleasant.
The elephant is larger than horse.
He is walking around the playground.
Will Tom kick the ball?
After visiting Barcelona, the circus moved on to Madrid.
Did Nina pay attention to the story ?
Did Raj tell a lie?
Does she write fairly ?
That she failed her art class seriously surprised me.
Where is your book ?
He satisfied me that he could do the work well.
Abdul played skillfully.  
Are my clothes ready ?
Since his easy success in the elections, he has become swollen-headed.
My crush is smiling at me.
What did you hide in the purse ?
All the mail must me answered.
He refused to obey the orders.
His pursuers could not follow him.
There are only 15 minutes left for the movie to start.
Death threats to 10 journalists.
I have very good potatoes.
Which bus number does she take ?
The rise and fall of the tide is due to lunar influence.
This story is not true.
Who do you think has called ?
How is pollution a very difficult problem to solve?
I have not heard anything from Ravi for ages.
Does he need me ?
The meeting ended after the mature deliberation.
His plan fell through in ten minutes.
I fed you a mango.
Some people are always talking about themselves.
Will they be at the cinema ?
Although he wanted to keep playing, the boy rushed in and wolfed down his pizza lunch.
Do we give her an apple?
Can you dance with me?
What does Derry tell his mother about Mr. Lamb?
On the day you pass the examination I shall give you a reward.
Where did he live?
What is the attitude of the narrator?
As he was tired, he went to bed.
That woman who totally surrenders and pleads with her beloved is able to win his love.
This is good.
The food was delicious.
Youth is the time when the seeds of character are sown.
What were you doing ?
When they heard the signal they sprang up.
Ram always sings this song.
I put it where I can find it again.
How much do they really understand?
Sindhi new year starts from this day.
Vermin destroy our property and carry disease.
There are dried leaves.
I need a telephone
He was asking what to do.
He cares for nothing but self.
I am not going to play.
What is the world for this?
Can you try again?
I like bananas and I like grapes.
I don't want to be late.
But as soon as I reached the top, the view of the city removed my tiredness.
Stand near.
What do you think of when you think of marriage?
We sometimes bear grudge against others without reason.
He appreciated the work done by us.
I will not take a no.
The leader went onto the podium and began to speak.
Many people are dying of hunger.
They have to go to the hospital.
Did the teacher check our homework?
He is the person I saw.
I worked hard so that I might succeed.
Seeing the boy in the street, he stopped to speak to him and gave him a rupee.
People who live in New York lead very busy lives.
The cat sleeps on the rug.
He started stroking it.
Will the children sleep on the floor?
You shut up!
Barbara and Jeanne whispered and giggled all night.
He is not paying cash.
At what time will the air craft fly ?
Get lost, what do you think of yourself.
His father wished to speak to the Headmaster.
Ram willingly beat Ravi.
